0:::My special education students are on the path to developing a life long love of learning, but get frustrated with their current reading material options as they are not high interest, age appropriate, or accessible. Help them fall in love with books! \n\nOur school is a charter on the south side of Chicago that focuses on social-emotional learning.  My students receive instruction in smaller, more structured special education classes due to their reading deficiencies. They want to be able to read like their non-disabled peers but many of them have given up on school and are not engaged in their classwork. I would love to provide them with high interest novels to get them re-invested in their learning and help them grow both as readers and as individuals.   \n\nOrca Soundings are teen fiction for reluctant readers. We will use Orca Soundings in leveled small group literature circles. Students will progress through the levels as they strengthen their reading comprehension and fluency. Our literature circles will be a combination of discussion based activities and comprehension checks, and will make students feel safe in their reading abilities in front of their peers.   \n\nFunding this project will make such a difference in the lives of my students because you will be providing them with novels that they won't want to put down and creating ravenous readers for life! 
1:::Our classroom is a diverse, engaging place where we encourage risk taking. We celebrate our individual strengths and support each others weaknesses. Our superpower is learning!! We love exploring, asking questions, then conducting our own research to answer these questions.  \n\nOur classroom is made of students from all over the world, literally! We have students from various parts of Africa, Thailand, Burma, Mexico, Puerto Rico and even different parts of the United States. All of these backgrounds makes our classroom a very culture rich place! As a class we are working on strengthening our English language proficiency. We have high expectations for ourselves and hold ourselves to them. Our school is a Title I, low income, school. In 3rd grade, as we set our educational foundation we are preparing our students to stop the cycle of poverty. As we prepare them to continue their educational career, which includes college, we are very intentional when instilling the importance of goal setting and achieving.\n\n \n\nThe Live Butterfly Pavilion will allow our class to observe the live cycle of butterflies up close and personal! Currently we are researching ants and have our own ant farm! The nonfiction books we are requesting will allow us to practice using text features to locate information in books and not just rely on the Internet. Finally, pencils are a valuable commodity in 3rd grade and receiving additional pencils will  help us when it is time to write our observations.  \n\nDonations to this project will bring valuable science into our classroom. Through this project our classroom will be able to practice reading, writing, and math through an authentic experience. This will allow our class to see science happen in real time! This will tie an experience to their academics, creating a lasting impact on their educational career.   
2:::Have you ever wonder what goes on in a classroom on a rainy day? That's right, the kids still need to move around and burn some calories. Well, in my class we dance to child friendly songs. Or simply just play quiet games. But if there's no rain, we like to move around! \n\nMy students are smart, driven, and very verbal. All my students are English Learners with low economic means. Most of them do not have a computer or other technology at home. They are exposed to violence and socioeconomic limitations, like lack of food, that others take for granted. Our school provides a safe environment away from gangs and other socioeconomic limitations. In my classroom, they get to dream, the sky is the limit. They've planned future traveling plans, designed their dream homes, and have become celebrated community heroes.\n\nThe classroom is a safe haven where dreaming high is encouraged. Nothing is impossible when they dream, write, and share their future plans. They would thrive as enthusiastic learners if they are provided with the memories that will last a lifetime. They are enthusiastic learners because they are provided with the hands-on experiences and activities that at home are simply unattainable. \n\nIn today's classroom, teachers require so much from their students in Language Arts, Math, and Science. However, physical fitness, art, & health; though they are part of a well planned curriculum, they take a back seat. It's not until our students reach 5th grade that we see the need for physical fitness. Fifth Graders are required to take a physical exam. By then most of the students that are overweight could have benefited from direct instruction in health and nutrition. Teachers make the most impact when the students are in the lower grades. They are like little sponges that learn and do what is asked of them. This is the reason, I have requested material that will instruct my students directly in nutrition, physical fitness, and healthy habits. In order to have more active students, I will like to have resources like a portable speaker system, iPod Touch adapter, Good Morning Exercises CD, Cool Aerobics for Kids CD, Kimbo Educational Aerobic Power Cd, & AA batteries. We will move! \n\nI need your generosity to help me teach healthy habits in my classroom. I have high expectations, I know that my students can one day be a big asset to our country. In order to contribute to our society, when need to guide their path from an early age If they have healthy brains and body, then gasping new concepts in any subject matter is much easier. They can learn to be more active, be healthy, and at the same time benefit themselves by being well rounded students in all academic subjects. 
3:::I teach Pre-K and we have an incubator in our classroom. We love to see the chicks hatch and can hardly wait until they do. But some classrooms do not get to enjoy this, so we want to get a chicken hutch to put in our main hallway for everyone in the school to see. \n\nI teach at an early childhood school with about 500 children in the grades PPCD, Pre-K, and Kindergarten. This age loves to learn by seeing and touching. We love to hatch eggs and raise butterflies. We have a large habitat for our butterflies to put in the main hallway of our school, but we do not have a way to let others see our baby chicks that hatch unless they come to our room and see them in a box we have. \n\nWe want to be able to show all of our school the young chicks that hatch. Also, the children will learn responsibility in caring for them by feeding, watering, and cleaning them daily. As a teacher, I have had chicks hatch in my classroom and we just put them in a box in our room with a lamp. Other classrooms that do not hatch eggs have to come tour our classroom to see the chicks or some never come at all. \n\nThe donations will help us purchase a chicken hutch that we can put in the main hallway of our school for other classes to be able to see the chicks that hatch and/or watch them grow before they have to go back to the farm. \nEven after many years of teaching, the one thing that former students of mine remember the most is when we hatched chickens or raised the butterflies from eggs. We want the rest of our school to enjoy this and want it to be very memorable for all of them. 
4:::I have noticed this year that many of my students struggle with putting puzzles together. I would like to provide them with a wide variety of puzzles to keep their interest. Puzzles are such a great way for five and six year olds to strengthen these skills. \n\nI teach in a high poverty elementary school in the upstate of South Carolina. The majority of my students had never gone to a preschool program or daycare so this was their first experience in school. After the first few weeks the nerves began to calm, my students began opening up and have made leaps and bounds in more ways than one. We are a very diverse group of individuals that function as a tight knit family. \n\nWe borrowed puzzles from another teacher and my students showed great abilities in working puzzles. They gained social skills by wanting to work together and also helping out friends who could not build a puzzle on their own. I did not realize how much building puzzles affects my students for the better. I'm excited to see how they will grow with these materials. \n\nThese puzzles will impact most of my students because they come from homes that cannot provide puzzles, school is where they can explore them. The puzzles provide the students with a higher process of thinking and strategies on how to put the pieces together. My students would love to have puzzles in their own classroom to build. 
5:::Exciting.  Differentiated.  Student-Centered.  Every day is a learning adventure where every student is an explorer. \n\nMy students are smart, hungry for knowledge, and eager to learn.  They live in the most impoverished area of Detroit and receive free breakfast, lunch, and dinner during the school day.  Many students lack access to basic technology both at home and at school.  While I cannot personally change the quality of their home lives, I can impact the quality of their education by giving them the same technological exposure as their suburban counterpart.  Help me make a difference within my classroom. \n\nA projector will allow us to use overhead transparencies, create shared stories, and project presentations and lectures onto the white board.  We will also be able to use technological components in class like on-line searches, videos, and other multi-media lessons within the classroom. \n\nYour donation will make a difference because you will be leveling the educational playing field for my students by giving them technology exposure within the classroom.  You will be allowing them to learn with tools that have previously not been used because of limited budgets. 
6:::My students students are eager learners that are very interested in technology. They have made such a big growth this year in first grade. They have done an excellent job in the transition from kindergarten to first grade. Along with the help of their parents we will succeed this year. \n\nMy students are in first grade and they are constantly being challenged by the high standards that our school has on us. Getting active is also very important to myself and their physical education teacher. The speaker will help them to stay active by hearing and moving to our core value songs. They can also stay active by doing physical education in class. I am excited if our projects get funded  because sound will definitely motivate them to move. Our commercial electric sharpener will help us eliminate waisting class time sharpening our class pencils. \n\nMy students will use the speaker to be able to better hear when ever I project something from my lap top onto my LCD projector. The speaker will also be used during Physical education to get the students active.  The commercial sharpener will be used to quickly sharpen our pencils during class time. \n\nParents if you are able to donate it will really help our class to be able to properly hear anything that I project from My lap top onto my LCD projector. Their Physical education takes place in class from time to time and it will help them to stay active. The commercial electrical pencil will eliminate students waisting time while sharpening pencil in our old electric pencil sharpeners. Students will not be waisting  any more valuable class time dealing with their unsharpened  pencils.Thank you 
7:::Even though many of my students come from disadvantaged neighborhoods, they have amazing stories of resilience! Help us to create a healthy, artistic space so that they can thrive and heal through the art of music and storytelling.  \n\nWithin our small school community, we have the privilege of intervening in our students lives. We have a close-knit community, and are able to greatly serve our students because of our small teacher to student ratio. Our responsiveness to our students is always contingent upon the resources that we have to offer them. Recently, after meeting with many of our student artists, we learned that they are seeking a musical space to develop their multiple intelligences, tell their stories, and create community amongst their peers through music. We have a vision to create this space so that our students can continue to thrive.  \n\nWe are asking for a number of resources to develop a music studio. Many of our aspiring artists are not able to compose or record their music because they cannot access monetary resources for music production. Studio time is costly, which hinders our students from accessing them. If we are able to secure microphones, monitors, speakers and other studio needs, our students will be able to learn the art of music production, a skill that will benefit them in future endeavors.  \n\nIf we are able to access these much needed resources for our young people, we will be able to teach them a few valuable lessons: \n\n1) There is a greater community that desires to see them succeed\n2) Their school community is invested in their success\n3) By telling their stories, they have the power (and now resources) to change the world. \n\nThank you for investing in our young people's lives!  
8:::In our 8th grade language arts classroom, we run a reading workshop model where we devote at least 20 minutes everyday to reading. We also commit to book talks everyday and ask our students to read 20 minutes per night. We need to continuously update our book collection to keep students interested.  \n\nSince implementing the reading and writing workshop model, our students are excited about reading. Our state assessment scores have more than exceeded the state average and this is due to the fact that students get to choose the books they read. We want to keep the excitement and intensity for reading going by keeping our collection of books new and fresh.   \n\nWith these new titles readily available in our classroom library, students will be able to find a book of interest and keep the fire for reading alive. Our students are becoming voracious readers and the need to keep up with them is crucial. Having an extensive collection of new young adult novels will help us do that.  \n\nSome of our students read  books that fill emotional voids, help them cope with daily life as a teenager, take them on an adventure to a new world, or help them escape home lives and journey to a comforting place within a novel. Books change lives and our students will greatly benefit from the experiences these books will bring them.  
9:::This project will benefit students in our entire elementary school. We have several very active and antsy students who are their own biggest distraction. The staff of our elementary are trying hard to come up with innovative ideas to combat this and give them the best chance at an education. \n\nOur students come from a low income, impoverished inner city with few resources for naif necessities. Some of our students have few opportunities to be active outside of school or access to necessary medications for problems like ADHD. As a result, most of the time they are their own worst enemy when it comes to their education. The staff at our school are always looking for new and creative ways to combat this. \n\nIn order to try out this idea, we are requesting 15 exercise balls to give to our most active students. The idea is if they are able to sit and bounce in one place that they'll be able to get some of their fidgeting out while still bring productive. We have tried things like bungee cords on the bottom rungs of their chairs for their legs to bounce on our hand held medicine balls for them to squeeze. Overall we have had success with these strategies. We now would like to try replacing their chairs with exercise balls in order to see the effectiveness on productivity as well as behavior. \n\nResearch has shown that these exercise balls can be effective across a range of ages and in most classroom settings. By allowing students the opportunity to get some of their wiggles out they are more likely to focus on their task and less likely to be a distraction to themselves and those around them.  Our school is eager to see if this idea will benefit or students.  
10:::When my students come in the classroom, they see this quote, "Instead of saying 'I can't' say 'I'll try."  I work with 20 Special Education/Inclusion students in grades 5 and 6.  \n\nMy students range in disabilities, with most being specific learning disabilities. I have one visually impaired student. My students are eager to learn, but sometimes have difficulty grasping the material in the regular classroom. These students have moved mountains this year as far as progress and the majority are at the top of their class. The students are very hard workers. When they come to my room, we work on specific skills that they are working on in the classroom. This allows the students a double-dose of the material in a smaller, one-on-one setting.  I have a set schedule of when each student comes so that the needs of every student are met. We try to do center work, but this becomes difficult when materials are not as readily available as I would like. I work at a relatively small school in a very rural area. We contain grades K-8, with only 3 special education teachers on staff.  \n\nBecause materials are limited in a special education setting, an iPad would provide students with a vast array of apps to aid in their education journey. Being that technology is so prevalent, the addition of this resource would allow my students to dig even deeper when practicing new and previously taught skills. With the amount of apps available, I can have access to specific tasks and programs that could target each student I work with. Some of my students are on Kindergarten levels in reading, while others are on 6th grade levels in reading and math.  We have computer programs in place at the school, but my students need even more than what is provided. I would incorporate an iPad as both an individual center as well as an incentive for hard work.  \n\nMy students work for incentives and praise. With the addition of an iPad, my students would push themselves in order to be able to work on the iPad. This would also teach the students about responsibility when caring for a tablet. My students need as much encouragement as they can get. Many times, people automatically count a child out when they find out they have an IEP attached to their name, instead of getting to know the child for who they really are and not what their paperwork says. 
11:::Diverse. That is the best word to describe our classroom. My students with Autism come to me with a diverse range of needs: socially, emotionally, behaviorally, and academically. Yet the ONE thing that they ALL share is a love for technology and the ability to LEARN from technology. \n\nMy classroom has three grades: Kindergarten, First, and Second, so my students are typically ages 5-7. Most of my students struggle with school work and with their own behavior. There are calm, quiet days... and then there are other days that completely exhaust me. But I treat my students as if they were my very own children. \n\nI promote the three main guiding characteristics of our school: Being Safe, Respectful, and Responsible. I believe that all children can learn, and our Special Education classroom is just like the other general education classrooms at our school. My two aides and I really push our students to achieve to the highest of their ability. It is not a classroom where kids play with toys or watch movies all day... It is a classroom filled with the support that the students need in order to read, write, listen, speak, comprehend, and grow.  \n\nI have worked with students with Autism for a total of 11 years now. I have met quite a variety of students. But the one common thing that they all share is that they all respond extremely well to technology. Sometimes they actually respond better to technology than to human interaction! To you and me, this may seem strange. But for students with Autism, sometimes human interaction is too intense or confusing for them. \n\nI wish to have an iPad in my classroom for a number of reasons. It can be used as a rewarding incentive, but more importantly, as a teaching tool. Because iPads are smaller than a computer but bigger than a cell phone, they are the perfect size. My students often don't understand when I talk about new things, such as an animal they've never heard of. But if I am able to show them a real-life picture of what I'm talking about, they are able to comprehend what I am talking about. My students would also use the iPad for learning/academic games, which would be wonderful!  \n\nTo have an iPad in our classroom would be a dream come true for me! Many general education teachers at my school have iPads for their students, and when my students visit those classrooms, they LOVE using the iPads. They light up with excitement! I would like to be able to provide that excitement in my own classroom. I know that our iPad would be used every single day, throughout the day, for both small-group and large-group lessons of all kinds. My students would benefit tremendously! 
12:::Each day we start our instruction with literacy. The students love to read non-fiction. They frequently ask to research what they have been reading. \n\nIn our second grade class, I have 19 students. They are very energetic and always enjoy using technology in the classroom. Some students have opportunities to use technology at home but many do not. Our school is small and very rural. Our school is an ABC member through APSRC. \n\nThe students would love to have an iPad mini with a case and screen protector to read, do learning activities, and research topics. We currently do not have an iPad in our classroom. We have two working computers and the more technology that we have, the more students can learn through reading and research. \n\nThis technology will enhance the learning of the students in my classroom everyday. They will get to use this iPad mini to read, do learning activities, and research topics. Right now, it is hard for all of them to get to use the computer. I will be able to assign each student time weekly to further their instruction. 
13:::Technology is such an important part of the classroom today!  Teachers and students are using laptops and iPads to enhance learning every day.  It is so important for the teacher to have all of the best working computers and supplies for the classroom to run smoothly. \n\nI teach in a small district with 30 energetic and enthusiastic fifth graders.  They are smart, kind, and very eager to learn in a variety of ways.  Our 3rd-8th grade campus is packed with students that are thirsty to learn the latest new skill.  My job is to teach all subjects in an engaging way to prepare them for middle school. \n\nI am asking for a new laptop computer so that I can show my students a variety of educational videos, live editing in writing, and important images to enhance social studies and science vocabulary skills.  My current laptop is very slow and unresponsive at times, so I am unable to download anything in a timely manner for my students to enjoy. \n\nYour donation will help my classroom to be more technologically advanced.  We would have access to many resources that could be used and downloaded quickly for the class to view at our fingertips.  I thank you in advance for any small amount that you can give. 
14:::Plant the seeds,\nWater the plants,\nPull the weeds,\nEat healthy! \n\nWe are 31 fourth, fifth, and sixth grade students who love to create. We are all at different skill levels and have different interests, but we all agree that we can create beauty. We are a Montessori school that allows us to be well rounded students that can explore interests that are outside the academic arena. \n\nMy students need plants for their own gardens.  With these resources, my class can watch their gardens grow from the very beginning.   Starting by planting the seeds and caring for them  to eating the healthy vegetables.  They can learn to help our world by being able to grow healthy plants to feed themselves.  By seeing how to grow nutritious plants, they can help create a healthy environment for our world.   It is important for my students to learn how to eat healthy.\n\nWith your generous donations to this project my class will be able to watch their seeds grow into beautiful plants.    
15:::I want my students to be on grade level in Math, at the end of the year.  My biggest challenge is having hands-on manipulative games to get the interest and motivation of my students to learn math! \n\nMy students are six and seven year old first graders.  I have 14 boys and 8 girls.  My students are very active and learn best by being actively involved.  They like to work together and they do cooperate with each other.  My school is a K-5 school.  There are approximately 950 students in our school.    \n\nWith these math counting games, my students will be actively involved in learning math skills.  These games will allow my students to work cooperatively with each other.  With these hands-on math games, my students will have fun while learning how to count and compare numbers.  These games will motivate my students to want to play, which will increase their learning. \n\nThe donation of these games will directly improve the students' academic abilities in math.  These games will make learning fun and the students will be actively involved in learning.  This will impact my students' math skills by enhancing their learning of counting skills.  These math games will help my students get a solid foundation of number sense and they will be successful in future grades. 
16:::Welcome to Miss Crowley's class! Each day you will find us working to improve our math, reading, and writing skills. We love to build each other up and support one another. \n\nMy class loves to learn. Students arrive each day full of questions and eagerness for new information. The students come from a high poverty area with 94% of the school population on free and reduced lunch. My students do not let these factors diminish their desire to learn.\n\nWe work on a variety of skills each day to improve our academic and social skills. Many students in the class are below grade level, but are striving each day to improve in all academic area \n\nOver half of my students are below grade level in reading.  The majority of the books provided in my classroom are at a third grade instructional level.  These books are often too difficult for my students to read.  With books at their instructional level, the students will be able to develop fluency and confidence in their reading.   A variety of non-fiction books will provide them with cross-curricular knowledge. \n\nThe books that have been requested will help engage students in their reading.  It will give them the opportunity to read interesting subject material at their instructional level.  My students enjoy the non-fiction genre, especially books about Science and Social Studies.  Donations to this project will help students improve their reading and get closer to reading on grade level. 
17:::Imagine if part of your school day was building a robot to help conquer a problem. Well, that is what students get to do everyday in my class. My students have the privilege of being in a class that allows them to gain experience as engineers on the middle school level.  \n\nThe students in my class are awesome! They are serious about engineering and it is great to see them have so much fun. They live in a in a highly impoverished environment, but do not let that define their lives. The neighborhood that they live in is largely gang affiliated, but that does not mean that they are not entitled to the highest quality of education. They are bright, well spoken and ready to succeed. They just need nurturing. They will conquer the world! \n\nThe tool chests are the hub in my classroom. They store all the pieces to their designs there, so it needs to be organized. After they draft their designs, they go to the tool chests to gather the pieces that make their designs come to life. They get so excited about something they imagined becoming a reality. I do not want barriers such as lost pieces to get in the way of their creativity. \n\nThis project is so important because it is something my students are excited to come to class to learn about. This excitement allows for them to learn to the highest standard and prepare for their future. It also creates a sense of pride in accomplishing their goals. This is what teaching is all about in my classroom. 
18:::My students are such eager learners, but as English Learners, they struggle with reading. As a fifth grade teacher, it is my job to prepare them for middle school. I want to make sure I do everything I can to make them strong readers so they are set up for success. \n\nMy students are amazing! They come to school every day eager and ready to learn. However, they have many challenges facing them. My students are from a high poverty area in the San Francisco Bay Area. As English Learners at a Title I school, they struggle to advance in Language Arts. As fifth graders, it is important that they leave elementary school reading at grade level. As of now, only half my students are reading at grade level or above. \n\nThe iPad mini that I am requesting will do wonders for my class. To begin with, many of my students do not have technology at home, so this iPad will allow them to have access to technology. In our society, it is increasingly important that students understand how to use technology. The iPad will also be a great support for our language arts curriculum; students will be able to practice reading, spelling, and word work on various apps. Additionally, they will be able to take reading quizzes with Accelerated Reading, our school's online reading program that allows us to track student progress. Since they will be excited to use the iPad, students will be encouraged and motivated to read more!\n\n \n\nThis project will open so many opportunities for my students. Not only will they have multiple ways to practice and study their language arts skills, but they will be developing their skills with technology. My students will be motivated and engaged to practice the skills that usually overwhelm and intimidate them. To help my students succeed, I need to bring an iPad mini into the classroom.  
19:::My kindergartners have a little trouble differentiating the main idea from the details. They would love to increase their reading comprehension skills by using the materials that I am requesting, which includes activity folders and a pick-a-question fiction reading tub. \n\nI teach Kindergarten at a Title I public school where 94% of the students receive reduced/free lunch. The majority of the students live under stressful circumstances. Some have no parental figures, and others must care for their younger siblings. They do not have the resources that allow them to discover a new and exciting world. \n\nThe students come in to my classroom with little to no background knowledge or prior learning experiences. They also come to school with physical, social, emotional and psychological needs. Half of my students are classified as English Language Learners and one of them has speech therapy. \n\nAll of these reading materials will be used daily in centers so that my students can quickly acquire comprehension skills. The Pick-A-Question Fiction Comprehension Tub will be used in whole and small group sessions where I will have a student choose one question from the bin that the other students will be asked to answer. The Main Idea Comprehension Kit will allow students to choose the main idea from three details on boards that correspond with two nonfiction and two fiction books. With the Sequencing Comprehension Kit, my kindergartners will read one of four fun books and then put sequencing cards in the correct order of the story. The flip boards that come with the kit will be used to match the main idea with supporting details based on the reading. My students will love using the Building Comprehension Skills Activity Folders to master skills such as character analysis and identifying details. With 16 folders, there are endless learning possibilities for my kindergartners. \n\nWith your generous funding of "Giving The Gift Of Reading!", my kindergartners will be able to improve upon essential reading skills such as comprehension and identifying the main idea of a story, while having fun with these hands-on materials. Please help my students succeed and work towards first grade readiness! 
20:::My students are in 3rd grade and they need to understand the basics of adding, subtracting, multiplying and dividing which are very important skills they need in order to be financially literate. \n\nOur school is a Title 1 school and the majority of students qualify for a free lunch. My students come from a high poverty neighborhood with a very diverse range of home structures. Some of the students in my class are not working at grade level in math and they lack the basic skills to be able to add, subtract, multiply and divide. My students are faced with many challenges yet they are eager to learn and enjoy anything that has to do with hands-on activities. \n\nWith your kind donations my students will be able to have access to different hands-on activities that will help them understand the basics of adding, subtracting, multiplying and dividing which are very important skills they need to understand money. Learning financial skills now can help my students spend wisely, save more and make good financial choices in the future. \n\nMy project is very important because my students need to master the basic skills such as adding, subtracting, multiplying, dividing, and working with fractions in order to understand about money. The seat sacks will help us keep our math manipulatives in a safe place.  The write and wipe pockets, ink pads, money activity cards, coins rubber stamps, fill in the blank, math stories and money match up games they will be able to master the basic skills needed to understand about personal finances. 
21:::Our classroom is predicated around two big ideas.\nOne, math is INCREDIBLY important for my students and their futures.\nAnd two, if you work hard in math class, you will get better at it.\nPut these two ideas together, and you will find incredibly hard working, determined students in my room. \n\nWe are behind and we have ground to cover, and no time to waste! My students often enter the 6th grade on a 3rd or 4th grade math level, and it is my job, passion and my mission to help them master 6th grade material by the time they get to the 7th grade!\n\nMy students are motivated, driven, and persistent! They are incredible determined to succeed. They usually come from different neighborhoods, and unfortunately low-performing schools around the city of Philadelphia. But our school is known as one of the best public middle schools in the city, and we prepare our students for the best high schools in the city. Here, we allow students to see pathways to opportunities, and help them get there! \n\nMy students need individualized practice and attention. Some need the material broken down further, and some need to be pushed more. \n\nMy students will hopefully be getting 5 Chrome laptops they can use to get online and take advantage of resources like Khan Academy, WebMathMinute, and IXL.  These websites can individualize my students' learning, which will be incredible valuable in classes of 30 students! It will help us all get the most out of our time in math. \n\nI think about my students who are behind and how so often they get frustrated because of a lack of attention. And I also think of some of my other students on the other end of the spectrum who are hungry for an extra push. These laptops will allow me to reach these students in a way I was previously unable to. It will give me the resources usually saved for schools in higher income areas, leveling the technology gap in my classroom. 
22:::My students have a love of technology.  They want to use their resources to create powerful, interactive projects. \n\nMy students come from an economically disadvantaged area.  Most of my students are second language learners who live in a inner city neighborhood.  They have limited access to technology in their homes, but are excited to learn with and use technology in the classroom. \n\nApple TV allows students to show projects that they create on computers or Ipads to the entire class.  It also allows us to use interactive websites as a class.  Currently, I have a projector, but it is not interactive.  As I try to incorporate more technology into my classroom, I feel that Apple TV will be an asset. \n\nThis project will have a huge impact on my students.  It will allow them to interact with lessons in a new way.  It will also give them a way to share their own projects with the other students. 
23:::The game of basketball changed my life forever and I hope with your generous donation of 3 basketballs we can change the lives of many more students.  \n\nI teach high school (9th-12th) physical education in a high needs, inner city, charter school. Politicians are cutting our resources, especially in Michigan, and we are asking you to help replenish them. Basketball is the most popular sport at my school and we don't even have a good basketball to practice with, let alone play a game. Students walk around our school dreaming of being like Mike (Jordan) or Lebron James and I want to give them an opportunity to fulfill their dreams. \n\nI am asking for 3 boys basketball. I want my students to see the wonderful benefits that come from the game of basketball. These 3 basketballs can help to keep kids off the streets, value the importance of physical activity, and improve their social skills. \n\nYou will help to ensure that all 120 of my students this year and for the future have the opportunity to play a game that many people love and enjoy. Thank you in advance for your donations. 
24:::As a technology teacher, my students and I have the amazing opportunity to cover tons of ground! My students will be using technology in every facet of their lives, and it is my charge to give them the foundational knowledge they'll need to use technology as a gateway to other knowledge! \n\nMy students range from 1st through 4th grade and have a huge thirst for knowledge! Technology is a naturally engaging topic, but it's particularly hard to teach as it is extremely broad and rapidly changing. \n\nMany have limited experience to technology at home, with much of their exposure coming from Smart phones. This is helpful, but they need more experience to different forms to set them up for success. \n\nMy students have the desire to learn, they just need the materials to help them get there! \n\nOftentimes, technology seems like some intangible thing that is important but hard to physically place. It's really tough for a kiddo to understand the concept of cloud storage, for example!\n\nA MakerBot allows students to take something abstract (sending a string of programming instructions) into something physically accessible and touchable (a plastic toy, a wheel, etc.). \n\nThis is invaluable, particularly when working with young populations, to connect cause and effect. Such a relevant and real-time experience lends itself to any grade level and can be used to varying degrees of complexity as the school year goes on. \n\nFor example, we can start by making a simple object with the MakerBot and then eventually create a multi-piece project!  \n\nTechnology can act as a barrier or bridge to a successful life. If a student has a foundational knowledge of tech, they can teach themselves most anything. If they don't, however, they will struggle to access resources that require technology fluency. This project helps turn an abstract field into something (really!) physical.  
25:::Children today lack healthy eating habits and physical activity!  Americans are more unhealthy than ever before.  We need to get this under control as soon as possible! \n\nI have the honor and privilege of working with a wonderful group of students who are between the ages of 12 and 14. My students, who happen to have profound cognitive and physical disabilities, attend a separate school due to the severity of their disabilities. Most of our students come from low-income families. Despite the challenges our students face, they are very energetic and well-spirited kids. \n\nThe Music & Movement: Nutrition in Action! Curriculum will be perfect for teaching my students about fitness and healthy eating habits.  Since my students have special needs, they learn in special ways.  The best way to motivate, teach, and ensure my students participate, is with music.  This curriculum will educate my students on the importance of being active and eating well while entertaining them.  We can incorporate this into a year round curriculum that we use three times a week! \n\nEating right and exercise are important for to ensure long healthy lives.  My students' health is already at a disadvantage due to their physical, mental, and medical disabilities.  By providing me with these learning materials, you will be providing me with the change to improve my students' lives.  We really appreciate your consideration. 
26:::Think back to your first day of school.  You were so proud of all your new supplies, new clothes and new backpack.  Some of my students don't have new things when school starts.   I want my students to have new art supplies when they come to my classroom.   \n\nMy students live in a community where coal is the way of life. Unfortunately, with all the recent layoffs and closing of mines, the students come from families who are desperately trying to make ends meet. They live from payday to payday. The morale of my students and the community is down. Many of my students get away from all the stress of home when they come to school. Art is a way that they can show creativity and express themselves. My students are willing to try anything that I suggest to them and most of the time they can do it better than I can! I work in a PreK-8th school. I would love to provide new art supplies for my students when they return to school in the fall. \n\nI see all of the students in my school every week, some even come 3 times a week.  We go through lots of supplies. I have requested crayons, colored pencils, canvas and paints. We will use the requested supplies for our art projects.  My students are very creative and I would love for them to be able to express themselves through their art.   \n\nDonations for this project will improve my students' art projects.  When students have new materials to use they are happy.  Happy students tend to create better projects and they seem to enjoy it more. Donations will benefit every student in my school. 
27:::I have a wiggly, squirmy, and excited group of first graders who love to learn about their world through the books they read. There are days when reading time is peaceful, quiet, and students are able to focus on their reading. My hope is to create more of these kinds of days! \n\nOur classroom is a diverse and wonderful place! 50% of my students are English Language Learners (ELL) and their families are from Somalia, Vietnam, Cambodia, Sudan, Burundi, and more! Over 80% of my students receive free/reduced lunch, and the majority of first graders begin the year below the fall reading benchmarks. Our school is lucky to have this cultural and economic diversity, but it also means that we need a lot of extra literacy support to make sure our students are building a strong foundation for their future success. \n\nMy students need book boxes, book bins, and 3 beanbag seats, reading spot pillows to stay organized and increase their reading stamina.  Having a dedicated time each day for reading from their book box of just-right books is a critical piece of becoming a confident and independent reader. At this time of year (March) students read independently for at least 30 minutes each day. Their frequent inability to stay in one spot is sometimes the largest barrier to their reading progress. Instead of repeating, "Stay in your spot," "Save that to show your reading partner," "I'm reading with someone else right now," "You JUST went to the bathroom," ad nauseam, I want them to be excited about staying in their reading spot during independent reading time. Our school uses the Teachers' College Reading Workshop, which emphasizes the importance of reading "long and strong" every day. Building this reading stamina is a challenge! Their reading pillows and colorful (and durable!) book boxes will transform their independent reading time! \n\nWhen students are able to make the most of their independent reading time, they FLY. First grade is a critical year for learning to read, and these reading tools will help them become literate and confident citizens. 
28:::Imagine a classroom with learning needs so diverse that you must create an individual curriculum for each students learning needs. Then imagine that classroom with very little supplies and a brand new teacher! These students need the adaptive tools to help them learn the way they know best! \n\nI have 8 students in my classroom all day long but we have other students who come in and out throughout the day. Our class is a diverse special education classroom with grades K-4. I am new to the school and a recent teaching graduate. I want to set up the best classroom possible for my bright and wonderful students. Any supplies or help are greatly appreicated! \n\nThese resources will change the way these students learn and help them to use their advantages to increase success in the classroom. There will be 12 students total using the materials but many students for years to come! The students will be learning to write their names, alphabet, numbers and so much more! They will be learning to sort by color, shape, and size. They will be harnessing their fine motor skills and gross motor skills with manipulatives and using these materials to advance their learning! \n\nThese donations will completely change the make up of our classroom and help to advance the education of all of my students. They are the number one priority and I want to give them all of the advantages we can! 
29::: "A theatrical technician, is a person who operates technical equipment and systems in the Performing arts. In contrast to performers, this broad category contains all "unseen" theatrical personnel who practice stagecraft." My goal is to prepare great audio technicians.\n \n\nMy students come from modest homes, but they are energetic, curious and determined to succeed. Our Musical Theatre Club is conformed by excellent singers, actors, dancers and  students that practice stagecraft. Their discipline and interest, inspires me as an educator to  provide a better learning experience every week.\n \n\nWith Duracell Coppertop AA Batteries and 3 Pyle-Pro PMKS5 Compact Base black microphone stands my students will complete the necessary equipment for the show Disney's Aladdin Jr. Also, this technology will be use in future productions allowing the students to master the craft of theatrical technology. \n\nLearning the function of a theatrical technician will give my students a foundation useful for different professions such as sound engineer, director, stage manager etc. Also, having such a big responsibility in the show will improve their self-esteem.  
30:::Daily, one hundred plus students flood into my room of Fordham High School for the Arts to learn more about the physical world. After understanding some basic principles, my students strive to explain natural phenomena and debunk supposed myths in physical and biological science. \n\nMy students are deeply talented in the arts, majoring in art, drama, vocal, or instrumental. Despite having gifts in the arts, they all have a deep desire to learn about the physical world around them. My students have asked my questions as to how a subway train runs, a smartboard functions to display a computer's display, and the Statue of Liberty's color transformation. \nThese students have an innate sense of curiosity for the natural world, but the resources at our school hinder them from fully experiencing science. My students come from a very impoverished background and are looking to strive beyond all of the socioeconomic barriers that they face.  \n\nA very difficult concept that my student grapple with is reaction rate kinetics and factors that affect it. It is very abstract and conceptual. However, the lab kit on reaction rate factors will allow students to very easily see the relationships between different variables on reaction rate. \nMoreover, most of my top students commute from long distances and have little if any access to a computer or a printer. Given their extreme home situations, it is difficult for a good number of them to venture to a library to print out lab reports, in-class assignments, or practice tests. Having an in-class printer would allow me to easily print out beneficial papers for students. Our school has limited supplies and students seldom find an available printer since staff have priority use.  \n\nHidden in all of the abstractness of chemistry are secrets to the workings of the physical world. Understanding concepts such as reaction rates through experimentation will allow students to comprehend how machines optimize certain chemical reactions function efficiently. \nFinally, the presence of an in-class printer will allow students with modest means to compete and have the same opportunities as their peers, allowing them to ore fully attain their potential.  
31:::Dirty hands, engaged lessons, and teaching students to make a  positive impact on the world is what " Our Amazing World" is all about. Students will participate in several hands-on lessons while learning about the world of animals and plants within various ecosystems. \n\n" Our Amazing World " will give students the opportunity to study various ecosystems of our world.  They will be given the opportunity to learn about plants and animals in these ecosystems.   They will also experiment with how environmental changes can affect an ecosystem.  Students will research and create displays related to ecosystems found all over the world. Through this project, students will be able to bring the "outside world" into the classroom. \n\nOur school is a small public school in a rural county in South Carolina. The resources available to our school are very limited. Many of our students love art , but with our limited budget , few supplies are available for our students. Our students are primarily from families, of all types, who care a great deal about their education while providing for their educational needs as they are able. The students in our school thrive on engaging lessons taught through hands-on experiences. \n\n"Our Amazing World"  will enable students to have a first-hand experience with the study of five ecosystems. Our project begins with a guest speaker visiting the classroom and sharing her knowledge of plants. The focus will be on plants  found in various ecosystems.  Students will then go outside to our school garden and transplant  plants. They will then be given the opportunity to take home a plant. Another component of the project involves students planting radish seeds . They will then experiment ,while taking qualitative and quantitative observations ,  to demonstrate how plant growth can be changed by altering its environment. A final component of this project is to research plants and animals of various ecosystems. Focus will also be on how humans can help to protect each type of ecosystem for years to come. This project offers many opportunities for students to use their math and reading skills while enhancing their knowledge of science . \n\nStudents do not have to have a "green thumb" in order to be successful with this endeavor. Students will have many opportunities to learn about plants and animals through the hands- on activities that this project provides. Students will not only learn about ecosystems of the world, but also how to protect ecosystems for future generations. By starting while students' are young, one of these students may very well make changes in the future that will make our world a better place to live! 
32:::Reading and relaxing is part of our daily routine to become better readers.  How would you like to spend 30 minutes a day sitting on a bean bag or on the carpet reading?  How would you like to create your own book cover of your favorite book & draw it on the sidewalk for all to see? \n\nMy fifth grade bilingual students come from poverty.  Our school is a title I school since over 90% of the students qualify for free or reduced breakfast and lunch.  My students are unable to afford the basics and also books.  My students are enthusiastic about reading and crave good books.  My students also like to be organized and have a nice place to store their books.  In addition to these requested supplies, we concentrate better when our body is in motion.  We would like to have fitness balls to sit on so we can pay attention better and learn more.  At the end of the school year, we would love to share our favorite books with the entire school.  We will do this by creating a book cover of our favorite book, then drawing it on the sidewalk so all can see.  We need sidewalk chalk in order to do this.  We love relating literacy with art.   \n\nEvery day for thirty minutes, we have what is called, Read and Relax.  Read and Relax is where students choose a comfortable location in the room and read silently.  It's a time for students to read for the pure enjoyment of reading.  It's also a great opportunity for students to increase their reading levels in order to better prepare themselves to transition to the middle school next year.  We are requesting more books to add to our small classroom library.  We are also requesting book bins for each student to store their favorite books in. The students will read these books during Read and Relax and then store their books in the book bins for easy access.  This will give the students great pride in taking care of their books.  A 3-shelf storage center will also help us store books for our classroom library.  As mentioned above, we would love to sit on fitness balls in order to better focus on our reading.  When our bodies are in motion, we are most alert. \n\nNot only will your donation be impacting the students this year, but for countless students to come.  You are helping students to be more organized and take pride in the book bins.  The students will get excited about reading and will have easy access to their selected books.  These resources are something that the students do not have at home and would make them feel like a part of the classroom community.  It will teach the students how to be good citizens in the classroom.  
33:::Our classroom has 24 smart and eager students. They love to read and learn new things everyday. We are working really hard and want everyone to read by the end of the year.  \n\nMost of the students in our school are on free/reduced lunches. They come to school to learn and to be in a safe environment. They are sweet, enthusiastic, and ready to work hard! The students are so proud of themselves when they learn something new!  \n\nWe would love some help organizing our classroom. The bookshelf would be easily accessible for students to grab a book and read. The shelves would be a way to organize our manipulatives and keep our classroom clean. Our cubes, tiles, blocks, etc would be neatly placed in the cubby shelves and easy for the students to take out and put away. \n\nDonations to our project will help organize and keep our classroom neat. Students will know where they can get their supplies and books, which will be very helpful. Students will be able to grab a book and read whenever they want to! 
34:::Every day my reading classes must come in and read for 15 minutes. I feel so bad that they must sit in their desks to do this. I want them to be able to sprawl out the way we do when we read at home. There is nothing better than laying down and reading a good book. \n\nMy students are at all different reading levels. At the beginning of the year I battled them every day to sit and read. Now when their reading time is up they ask me for more time. It makes my heart so proud to know that they truly enjoy reading! They think it is so cool that I sit and read them and they will recommend books to me. \n\nEach day when the students come in they read silently. The reading nook will allow the students to have comfortable spots to silently read. We will also use the reading nook area to discuss books we are reading as a class, learn new literary elements and share our reading choices. The students will be able to use the chairs to feel more comfortable while they read. Each day they will have an opportunity to pick a spot in the room to read. This will allow them to truly relax and enjoy a good book. They will be able to spread out more and avoid the distractions of others.  \n\nThis project will truly make a difference to my students. They truly do feel a safe haven when they can sit down with a good book. Knowing that they can come in and enjoy a good book will truly make such a difference. 
35:::My very active and mobile students are always on the move!  We carefully intersperse highly structured activities with movement and sensory opportunities to make sure they are at their best for learning.  We use visual supports, schedules, and task analyses to keep them on track. \n\nOur school is located in the inner city limits serving about 160 students with multiple disabilities. Our students, ages three to twenty-one years, suffer from severe and complicated physical and cognitive disabilities. Serving children beginning at a young age enables teachers, paraprofessionals and therapists to maximize the potential within each child. After completing their education at the Baer School, young adults may go on to an adult day care environment or to a special education high school in the area.  Some students go on to hold a job in a sheltered work environment. Our school has been around for over 70 years and is a staple in the special education community. School budgets are tighter than ever, so we depend greatly on the generosity of our community neighbors to help meet the needs of our special students. Our students have unique needs that cannot be met by traditional school and district funding. \n\nThe furniture and materials requested will be used during our scheduled work/learn times.  Each student has a personalized schedule to work on academic, fine motor, language, and communication skills.  Because they are pretty distractible, their individual work can be accomplished best when using work carrels.  Small groups (2-3 students) can work at the rectangular tables in another area of the room.  During these activities, social skills such as turn-taking, greeting, requesting, and commenting can be targeted.  All of my students benefit from multi-sensory materials.  They particularly enjoy materials with sound output.  Quite frequently, they imitate the sounds or words produced by the materials.  In this way, they are working on literacy skills at the same time they are targeting speech production.  They are very 'visual' students.  Use of visual schedules and picture symbols help facilitate communication and language development. \n\nEach one of  my children has amazing potential!  I see them learning new skills everyday!  They are starting to generalize what they learn in the classroom to other areas of the school and our local community.  By enhancing their classroom experience, you are enhancing their ability to become a contributing member of society.  Please help them reach their potential!  Thank you! 
36:::My students are 5-years-old and love to be read to. We have a calendar time each day where they learn about counting, singing songs, and listening to stories. What we need more of is some fun way to develop learning skills with nonfiction science and social studies. \n\nOur school is in rural Southern Wisconsin. Our building houses ECH through 12th grade. Many of the students ride a bus to school from the neighboring towns that make up this district. Most of my students have attended the 4-year-old program at our school. They are energetic and love learning and socializing. \n\nWith these Weekly Readers my students will learn about up to date science and social studies topics. Along with reading about the topics these weekly readers include fun activities that go along with the stories. Along with the paper subscription the school will receive free on-line resources with digital editions, Play and Learn games, and Watch and Learn videos. Printable skills sheets are also available to help develop skills from math to sight words. \n\nBy receiving these weekly readers our students will be exposed to modern day science and social studies. The students will understand that reading can be for a purpose other than pure enjoyment. They will learn that they can find out a lot about the world around them. 
37:::My students love getting involved in their learning.  If they can put their hands on it and see the result it not only helps them to learn  they also get excited to learn!  My students would rather be engaged in their learning, than just be told how to do it. \n\nMy students go to school at their neighborhood school.  Our school has about 450 Kindergarten through Grade 5 students.  My first grade students are an energetic bunch that learn best through activity.  The more hands-on materials that we use during our day the more focused they become and the more that they learn.   \n\nOur new math curriculum uses 'ten frames' to learn number sense, place value, addition, and subtraction facts.  My students are having a difficult time grasping this way of thinking. By offering my students hands on materials, they will be able to become more engaged in their learning.   The ten frames I would like to purchase for my class are mounted on large magnets and are re-usable, enabling the student to manipulate them repeatedly during their learning activities.  They can use them during their whole group learning or take them to their seats and use them to figure out their work. \n\nIf my students have these hands-on manipulative's, they will be able to model and demonstrate their thinking.  The Common Core State Standards wants students to be able to show what they know. My students will be able to use the ten frame model to work through their thinking and obtain their answers.  They will then be able to demonstrate their thought process to others. 
38:::The classroom is filled with vibrant young thinkers ready to question the universe. \n\nOur students are at-risk students who come from urban communities; some of our students are new to the country. Even with the obstacles our students face on a daily basis, they continue to persevere through school and life, taking great care in their education and families. \n\nOur students have an abundance of energy and need the opportunity to stay active. Soccer is the key to release all their energy with a positive impact on their lives. The soccer equipment will allow us to formerly train our students in the sport and culture of soccer through conditioning, drills, shooting exercises, and scrimmages. \n\nOur students will jumpstart the first soccer team at our school. By having the proper equipment, the team will instill the value of teamwork, cooperation, and dedication through the sport of soccer. The team will allow our students to continue moving in their daily lives, increasing the amount of physical activity and instilling the value of sports for a healthy and holistic lifestyle. 
39:::My Autistic students are very eager, but we need a few things to help them master life skills and social skills. Our main challenges are anxiety in public settings and lack of opportunities to practice social skills.   \n\nMy students are junior high aged, and they spend all day in a self contained classroom. They learn important life skills with objectives such as: counting money, shopping skills, social skills, life skills such as ordering food in a restaurant, and making healthy food choices. In order to combat anxiety and promote self confidence and independence, I need to let them practice their social skills in public (dining at a sit-down restaurant).  \n\nWith the Cracker Barrel gift cards, my students will put the life skills they've learned into practice by ordering at a sit-down restaurant and making healthy food choices. They will practice social skills by behaving appropriately in a public setting and ordering food from a server.  \n\nYour generosity will not only enhance my classroom and help educate my Autistic students, but help teach them to live and become independent. These children are extremely deserving and ready to learn.
40:::My students continue to amaze me with each passing day. Their eagerness and capacity to learn history each day is only outpaced by their knowledge of ever-changing technology. \n\nMy students are creative, interesting, and driven. They are enrolled in our school's visual art academy, which means they take one art class per year and their academic classes have an arts focus. They have incredible artistic visions that I do my best to tap into the classroom. Because they primarily come from low-income families in inner-city neighborhoods, my students do not have much by way of technology. Many of them do not have a computer at home. \n\nIt's scary sometimes as a teacher when your students know more than you. While I am able to share what I know about history, they are teaching me all kinds of things about technology. Through them I have learned that my resources at school are limited - my students need a high-tech laptop to turn their amazing ideas into reality. \n\nAt the end of each unit, students conduct research on a related topic of choice and then present their research in a creative format. Students have created power points, poster boards, drawings, and more. Many of them want to create movies or animated sideshows, but our current technology does not allows this. A MacBook, with programs like iMovie, will enable students to present their research in a more engaging format. \n\nWhile only one computer, this MacBook will enable many of my students to create the products they so far can only dream about. It will also give them much needed skills, as Apple products are an industry standard in the visual arts. 
41:::Have you ever been amazed by a really good flip book? A good flip book made from card stock can be just like a mini movie. We have made life cycle of plants flip books, but on regular printing paper but they did not flip so well. I know we can do better with card stock.  \n\nWe are an inner city K-8 elementary school in a very high poverty area of a large metropolitan school district. The majority of my students (85%) are English Language Learners and first generation Americans. Our free lunch status is around 95% or higher. My teaching position is one of a resource or specialist teacher who serves over 650 students throughout the school year. This is a science class for the entire elementary school.  \n\nWith a supply of card stock paper, students will benefit from make-and-take projects. Science concepts and themes such as life cycles and change processes literally come to life with flip book resources. It is also important to note that these flip books are a way to get science into the homes of many students.  \n\nMany of my students do not have science materials at home. Many students do not have visual science resources that they can call their own. These materials will bring numerous fun and informative science books into the students' hands. 
42:::My students love to use our new classroom iPads to enhance their learning! Using interactive software and specific apps allows the kids to work at a personalized pace, and the data gathered helps me form small instructional groups to meet individual needs. \n\nMy students are 3rd graders in an inner city school in Maryland. They are spirited and imaginative, and are highly motivated to learn. We do a lot of small group activities and station work in an effort to make learning as interactive as possible.\n\nIn order to help form strategic small instruction groups, I rely on data that is captured through the use of interactive math and reading software programs. The kids work at personalized levels on iPads to reinforce and extend skills.\n\nChildren also have the freedom to explore materials and programs with the responsibility to create skill-based products using technology. They thrive with this style of instruction, but it sure can get noisy... \n\nBecause I do not have working headphones in my classroom, my students currently have a hard time hearing their devices. I'm sure you can imagine how the volume tends to get a little out of hand when 30 kids are working independently on several different applications!\n\nIn order for them to make the most out of our classroom technology, it would greatly benefit the students to have headphones for personal use during independent work. This way, they will be able to hear the instructions, stories, narrations, and music that accompany the interactive lessons they complete. Furthermore, the students working in small interventions groups with me will have an easier time listening to the group as we work to advance their skills. \n\nMeeting the needs of 30 learners can be a challenge, but iPads have been a valuable tool to help increase student achievement. In order to make our iPads even more effective, and to keep the classroom running smoothly during small group and independent work, obtaining a classroom set of headphones is essential. Thank you for your help! 
43:::Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way." -George Evans\n \n\nI teach six wonderful students with autism spectrum disorder. The spectrum varies in my classroom, as I have learners who are verbal as well as students who are just beginning to use pictures to communicate. Some of my students are reading and writing, while others are working on pre-academic skills, such as matching and imitating. No matter where they fall on the spectrum, each of my students is beautiful, intriguing, and downright amazing in their own ways. \n\nThe goal of this project is to increase my students' basic skills, expand their independent play repertoire, and expose them to a variety of sensory experiences. Students will use materials to practice sorting, matching, 1:1 correspondence, and receptive and expressive identification. Some of the play activities this project will provide my students with include exploring musical instruments, listening to music, and creating with manipulatives. They will be able to take an eyes-, ears-, and hands-on approach to learning about different senses while at the same time meeting their diverse sensory needs with items such as rain sticks, liquid discovery tubes, and sensory beads, balls, and noodles. \n\nMy students' needs oftentimes require a great deal of adult support and supervision. By increasing their basic skills, helping them be able to play independently, and teaching them about their senses, my students will be able to take steps toward reaching independence. 
44:::Remember having to share supplies with a friend and sharing actually meant "watching".  What if you had the opportunity to help that student actually have their own computer tablet in their hands?  Well now you do. \n\nI have a class of 18 precious students who are ready daily to meet a new challenge.  We have a school with a population of over 1,000 and are located in middle Tennessee.  Our first grade class is one of 9 in our school.  It is made up a group of intelligent, tech savvy individuals who love to learn. They are eager to get their hands on any type of technology.   \n\nWe do centers daily and the students are now having to share IPADs and computers.  If we had one more IPAD , then each student in the small group could have their hands on technology.  Our reading series has specific skill related apps that can reinforce what we are learning.  Add that to the world of technology that the Internet offers and the possibilities are endless.   \n\nAll donations to this project will go toward the IPAD mini and a protective case. It will give each student a daily chance to put their hands on technology.  It will give them the chance to reinforce common core standards and to challenge their creative sides as well. 
45:::Sometimes, I just don't understand.  Everyone else seems to know what the teacher is talking about, my friend tried to explain it to me, but I still don't understand.  There has to be an app for that, right? \n\nMy school is highly diverse with an excellent mix of students from all around the globe.  We serve students who are English language learners, students with a variety of special needs, and an exciting representation of cultures.  Currently, our school provides quality instruction for students in grades four through six, and it is expected that we will be adding third grade to our school next year.  The children in our school love to make music in many ways.  We offer band, orchestra, choir and general music.  All students take general music and learn to play recorder, West African and Latin drumming, and experience Orff-based music instruction.  They are the center of the program and are the driving creative force in the music classroom. \n\nDifferentiation is an important part of learning for students.  My students come from a variety of musical backgrounds and experiences, and are at many different levels of musical understanding that varies from topic to topic and skill to skill.  The iPads will allow me to create and implement differentiated lessons for students who may need extra help to understand a topic or concept, or to create a more advanced individualized lesson for a student or small group of students who need a challenge.  Having iPads that are dedicated to the music room will enable me to purchase apps that are appropriate for music and install them on just the music iPads.  They will also be available for students to use on a daily basis whenever they need reinforcement or challenge, instead of only when I am able to sign them out from shared iPad cart.   While the vast majority of our music instruction is "hands on" music making, incorporating technology into all subject areas is vital to student success. \n\nHaving iPads in the music classroom will enhance the learning experience for my students because I will be able to easily meet them where they are musically and give them the extra reinforcement and practice to meet their goals.  It will also allow my advanced students to stretch and grow with individualized projects and instruction.  Adding technology to our music classroom will allow all of my students to be more successful in all subject areas and in their daily lives. 
46:::With the new Common Core Standards this year, students and teachers are learning things a new way.  Our biggest challenge with that is we don't have the textbooks and supplemental materials to support the new Common Core.  So, we find what we can to get by. \n\nMy students are an inclusion class, meaning I team-teach with a special education teacher, and we have a mixed class of general ed students and special ed students.  They are eager to learn science and social studies because being able to see and touch engages their minds, and motivates them to learn.\nOur school is a Title 1, low-income school, with bilingual and ELL students.  It is the oldest school in our district, and the main building have been around since the 70's, and used to belong to another district. A large percentage of our school is on the free and reduced lunch program, as well as many of our students are serviced by our backpack program, where food is sent home over the weekends and breaks. \n\nThe History of US will serve as a teacher textbook for teaching social studies.  As we do not have a provided set of texts, I would use the books to guide my teaching, as well as present under the document camera for the whole class to see and follow along, as well as view the pictures.  This would be an invaluable resource, as it is a very in-depth series, and perfectly covers our assigned era in American History, as we are to cover American Exploration through the Civil War.\nThe Liberty's Kids DVD set is the perfect supplemental material to the American Revolution.  My students are very visual learners, and showing them the wars is very powerful.  This series follows all the major events and battles of the American Revolution, and presents it at their level so they understand.  These videos would be used after a lesson as a closure, to reinforce the mental picture we have built on major American Revolution events. \n\nYour donations, and receiving these materials, will drastically improve my students understanding of the American Revolution, and understanding how our country was formed and its principles.  These students are our future, and they need to know what has been done before them, so they don't repeat mistakes. They are the generation that is going to be making decisions for us, and I want them to be well informed, so they make good decisions. 
47:::There is no such thing as a child who hates to read; there are only children who have not found the right book." -- Frank Serafini\n\nMy students need a variety of reading materials in order to find just that "right" book to encourage a love of reading. \n\nOur students come from low to middle income households in a culturally diverse neighborhood. Many of the homes lack reading material of any kind other than what the students bring from the school library. We have a strong military presence which adds to the diversity and even the transitory nature of the student population. More than 84% of our students receive free or reduced lunch and an equal number participate in the breakfast in the classroom program. Many of our students lack background knowledge that, due to their circumstances, can only be acquired through reading.  The goal of the Virginia Reader's Choice program is to provide our readers with as many experiences as possible and to promote a lifelong love of learning. \n\nThe Virginia Reader's Choice Program for Middle School provides a variety of high quality reading material designed to appeal to young teens. The selections this year include both fiction and non-fiction as well as prose and graphic presentations. Our students are encouraged to read at least four of the 10 selections in order to qualify for the year-end celebration and recognition. Participation has increased steadily over the past three years due to our ability to provide multiple copies of the books through generous contributions of DonorsChoose donors. \n\nWithout these donations our library is unable to purchase the multiple copies of each title necessary to fully implement the program. Readership has increased in years we are able to buy multiple copies. 
48:::All aboard the learning express!" this is our classroom motto. Our classroom provides a specialized early learning environment that provides fun opportunities for exploration in a sensory rich environment designed to facilitate brain-centered learning for preschoolers with autism. \n\nMy students are between the ages of 3 and 5 years old, and are all moderately to severely impacted by an autism spectrum disorder. They have limited communication skills and a high demand for sensory input. Their sensory seeking needs often result in repetitive behaviors that preoccupy their focus. Providing a sensory rich environment allows the opportunity to create individualized sensory diets that meet each student's individual sensory needs. Consequently, individualized sensory diets create the neurological focus for brain-centered learning. \n\nThe materials requested will be used in our sensory explorer area of the classroom. Students participate in 20-minute learning centers, and are then provided with a 10-minute sensory motor break.  These materials are designed to meet the sensory needs of vestibular feedback. Spinning and rocking provide input to the brain through the vestibular system. Many students on the spectrum have a high demand for vestibular input. The ability to spin, climb or rock will meet the sensory need for vestibular input, thus allowing greater brain-centered learning during the students' next learning center. \n\nYour donation will help to provide the variety of materials needed to provide a varied, rich sensory environment that will support my students in learning how to regulate their needs for sensory input, and learning how to prepare their brain for optimal, brain-centered learning.  As I facilitate their foundation for a lifetime of optimal brain-centered learning, my goal is to teach my students how they learn best. 
49:::In my class we are all about making connections, new discoveries, and learning to see the world and ourselves from a different perspective. My students are hungry to learn about different cultures and history through historical fiction. This unit is a perfect way to help them learn about survival. \n\nMy students are a wonderful group of kids who have some challenges but who love to read, love to learn, and are always asking questions and seeking knowledge. Some students face financial challenges, family instability, and various educational challenges. Despite these challenges these are students with tremendous promise and need only get the nurturing and educational support they deserve. \n\nThese books will be used to provide the basis of a historical fiction unit which focuses on WWII--in particular the war in Asia. In So Far From The Bamboo Grove, one of two anchor texts, students read the story of Yoko Kawashima Watkins and her family's harrowing escape from Korea in 1945 and their hardships adjusting to life in post-war Japan. The accompanying texts will be offered to students as reading extension to be read in literature circles. All books will form the basis of various projects which will be used to assess student understanding. For example, students will have an opportunity to learn about Japanese culture and a period of time when U.S. and Japanese culture intersect. Students also will learn about the effects of war on civilians and the damage fear and racial discrimination can do to people and societies. \n\nOur English department struggles every year to invest in the necessary materials. We currently do not have enough books for all three of our English teachers to provide books to all of our students. As a result we must juggle books so that all students can get a chance to read the book which is part of our 7th grade curriculum. In addition, the books we have are falling apart and our students deserve better. 
50:::It's Go Time!" Excitement and energy fills the room.  Would you imagine that scene related to a literacy classroom assignment for citing textual evidence?  If students imagine themselves as the local Sherlock Holmes, finding and citing evidence, it happens. \n\nOur school is located in a high poverty community. My 6th grade students are terrific kids who love learning and school. They are part of a large middle school, grades 6-8. There are many needs and not much money left over for print materials like magazines. Many of our students live in homes with multiple families with little space and few resources. Books and magazines are sometimes just a luxury. \n\nGetting students to read and re-read informational text is a challenge. Scholastic Action provides a high interest magazine with beautiful illustrations and current topics that encourages reluctant readers to not only open the magazine but to also dig into informational text. The class of detectives will  "investigate" information and make "a case", strong claims and citing evidence, that demonstrates their increasing proficiency in sophisticated literacy skills. \n\nPlease help these wonderful students enjoy digging into informational text.. Your support will allow us to have a set of reusable magazines that help engage all students. The reading levels in this magazine are differentiated to include all levels of reading proficiency. Teaching students to read closely for claims and evidence strengthens their reading and writing skills and prepares them for success in  21st Century educational expectations. 
51:::We really need your help. Each year, my reading class reads the book Hatchet. My students love this book, and for many, it is the catalyst that gets them involved in reading. I am so thrilled that my students love this book but sadly, my books have been loved so much that they are  falling apart. \n\nMy students are a hardworking bunch who attend a Title One school in rural North Carolina. They are fifth graders who come from families struggling to make ends meet. Our factories remain closed and many of them do not see college in their future. It is my mission to stimulate their minds and make them see their possibilities. For many of them, that starts with a good book. Several of my students are so used to not being successful at reading that they are resistant to reading anything. That changes with Hatchet. This books gets them excited. This book makes them want to read more. Isn't that what it's all about? \n\nI am requesting a class set of the book Hatchet. This book teaches my students that they can read a longer chapter book and enjoy it. There are so many great ideas to explore in this book, including not giving up. We use this book as a book club selection and read with partners and small groups. This is a great way to collaborate and share ideas. I love it when students talk about reading!\n\nThis book gets my students excited, especially my boys. Each year, I always have some boys who were lackluster readers before this book. After reading Hatchet, several of my boys continue reading other Gary Paulsen books. They love reading the next books in the series. This is a true success story. \n\nThis book has already made an impact in my classroom. The problem is that my books are literally falling apart. We have taped and glued them until the books can no longer be saved. We need a kind donor to save us now. Please join us on our successful journey to reading! Thank you! 
52:::There can be infinite uses of the computer and of new age technology, but if teachers themselves are not able to bring it into the classroom and make it work, then it fails."- Nancy Kassebaum\n\nAn iPad would allow my students to have access to hundreds of educational games.  \n\nMy students are kindergarten and first graders with a love of reading. They enjoy curling up with a pillow and a good book with their friends. Our school is a small charter located in Central Florida. We serve students K-8. 70% of our student population live at or below the poverty level. \n\nDo you remember the first time you used a computer? What about the first time you had a chance to use an Apple iPad? All children seem to gravitate towards the newest and greatest technology. With a new iPad, I would be able to use this new technology to teach my kindergarten and first graders during small and center time. They would be able to download apps and programs to help them with phonemic awareness, phonics, and fluency.  The iPad would also assist with pinpointing those students who need additional assistance. The sky is the limit! The possibilities for learning are endless! \n\nBy giving to this project, you will be able to give my fantastic students access to technology they may never be able to access outside of school. The best part is this project will be used from year to year so the impact of the iPad will benefit many students in the years to come! 
53:::Imagine having so many thoughts and ideas about something, but not being able to express it because the muscles in your hand do not work properly or quickly. With voice-to-text features on their computers, my students will finally be able to express their full ideas in writing. \n\nMany of my students suffer from physical disabilities that limit their use of fine motor skills.  They are capable of so much more than they can produce because of these limitations.  However, they are still required to take the same state tests as their non-disabled peers.  With this technology, I will be able to teach my students how to experience the independence of creating compositions without limitations.  They will be able to express themselves freely and fully. \n\nMy students will use the voice-to-text feature on the iPad to write responses to literature, journal their ideas, and to create compositions.  Previously, my students would dictate their ideas to a scribe.  However, because the scribe could not keep up with the speed at which my students were speaking, many of their ideas were lost.  Or, my students would change their ideas, using the simplest of forms, so that it could be done quickly.  They would then have to wait for the scribe to finish before they could re-read what they had written.  This has been a painstaking process and my students felt their own frustration as well as mine.  If they were able to have access to their writing independently, my students would finally experience the joy of seeing their ideas on paper. \n\nMy students need access to voice to text writing tools so they can write texts even though they have disabilities which limit their use of fine motor muscles.\n\nAs Ann Landers said, "it is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves that will make them successful human beings."  I want my students to feel the success of independence.  Using the voice-to-text feature on the iPad will help give them this independence. 
54:::My students are beginning a unit on dissection. We got the materials from Donors Choose. They will study the parts of the animals they will dissect and then use photos and drawings to show what they learned using a science fair presentation to their peers and families. \n\nMy students are all 4th grade girls. They are part of a small Montessori program at a high-needs school in the city. The atmosphere in my room is one of curiosity and concentration.  They are very interested in science and biology in particular, as well as art. \n\nThe students will be learning all about the inner workings on the various animal bodies, but also the animal kingdom and how each animal evolved throughout time. However, the use of the materials in this request will be to take the learning to the next level. The students will have to meticulously document the parts in drawings and photos. They will be practicing the essential skill of presentation and attention to detail when they cut and paste their descriptions, titles and drawings on the project display boards. The hand work and hand eye coordination are a struggle for 9-10 year olds and the expectations are high. We emphasize beauty and pride in presentation in Montessori and this will fall in line with our every day work goals. \n\nThere is no budget for my classroom as well as little to no science or art supplies. The excitement of the science fair boards and materials will further encourage my students to work hard and make professional looking presentations, which is a skill that will carry them through high school, college and into the work place. 
55:::Ideas in my students minds flow like a raging river from hand to paper. Given the chance to incorporate technology will open the skies for limitless possibilities. When given the chance to free write in my class, the sounds of pencils busily at work is truly a symphony to my ears.  \n\nMy students come from an economically challenged community, but when they set foot within the walls of our campus they exude a passion and dedication for learning. Our campus motivates our students not only to continue education at a higher level, but to become positive role models in the community.  \n\nIn my classroom student led learning stations are an everyday practice. A need for a technology station has been at the top of my students wish list all year. With the addition of five tablets and a functioning printer my students will be able to be mobile around the campus in gathering information as well as sharing it with the rest of the grade levels. \n\nA student paper, yearbook, interviewing, and photo club are activities my students dream of developing for the campus and the community. With the technology requested my students will develop a foundation needed to be ready for not only technology used  at the high school and college level, but in everyday life. \n\nThe requested addition to our classroom learning environment will impact my students lives immediately. Right now my students imaginations are bound to what our library has to offer and with the added technology doors will open faster than my students can imagine. My students do understand there is a whole new world when technology is involved, they are just asking for the key. A positive addition to our classroom like this will only light the fire more to learn that my students already possess. 
56:::Verbal communication plays a HUGE role in our lives! Without it, we wouldn't have a voice to greet friends, sing a song, choose what we wanted for lunch, or  tell our parents we love them. My students struggle with the inability to express themselves daily, but an iPad would change everything! \n\nMy class is a Pre-School Early Intervention class housed in a public school. My students range in ages from 3 to 6 years old. My students have a variety of diagnoses including: Developmental Delay, Autism, DiGeorge Syndrome, and Other Health Impaired. Seven of my twelve students are completely nonverbal. \n \n\nThe iPad will help my students make choices and communicate using voice out-put apps, and also enable them to participate during our daily Circle Time activities. It will also allow them to work on their fine motor skills, as many apps require touch to activate components. There are so many apps out there to teach in all domains of preschool skills. There are apps for counting, sorting, conceptual development, colors, shapes, sizes, and pre-reading skills. \nIn my classroom I use a multisensory approach and engage my students using as many sense as we can to explore. Ipads will allow my students to learn using 3 of their 5 senses: sight, sound, and touch. \n \n\nAn iPad would allow my students to learn hands-on. The iPad will be used to target my students specific objectives and allow them to make requests, participate in group activities, and communicate in a way that they cannot normally.  
57:::The students in my school do not hate reading.  They are just unimpressed by a lot of books that tell them "how the world is". They want to be excited by the books that they read.  \n\nThe students in my school come from a variety of backgrounds.  We are a high poverty, extremely diverse population with mostly Hispanic and African-American students. Most of their parents and guardians work two or more jobs, and many of the students take care of younger siblings in the afternoon.  We have been classified as a low-performing school, but have made excellent gains in academic growth.  In order to keep that going, we want to give our students the materials that they need.  With tightening budgets, we don't always have the funds to purchase materials for classroom libraries. \n\nThe students at my school will be able to check out these books to read independently.  It is an expectation that our students read for a minimum of thirty minutes every evening.  To ensure that they are reading something that is on both their interest level and personal reading level, we need different materials than just the classics.     \n\nThe hope is that, with these books, they will find a new love of reading.  Becoming a life-long reader is important, even in a digital age.  We do our best to show the students the importance of education, and try our best to get them on a track toward college degrees.  These books might just be the springboard for their creativity and willingness to read.   
58:::Each day I'm greeted with energetic and excited 3-4 year olds eager to start their day. My students are predominately ELL, I work to develop their communication skills, independence, and an awareness of the world. I believe children learn by doing and seeing; what better way to learn about animals?\n\nMy classroom is diverse, with an Hispanic dominance.  They are all eager and wide-eyed 3 year olds, filled with lots of questions and energy.  They talk about everything, and even though they have the language barrier, it doesn't inhibit their exploratory nature.  \n\nI introduce my students to letters, sounds, numbers, music, art, and science on a daily basis.  My school is located in a low income area but our parents and staff work cohesively to develop pride and respect in our students toward their academic achievements.\n\nWe did achieve a Gold Star for our academic progression in 2012-2013 and we are working exceptionally hard to acquire an additional status for 2013-2014.  Our school is comprised of 86% Hispanic, 8% African-American, and 6% Caucasian with over 57% of our students being ELL learners. We provide our students with the tools and instructional atmosphere to achieve the highest academic goals from Pre-K tots through grade 5.\n\nOur students will learn how to properly care for several species of animals, including but not limited to: llamas, peacocks, rabbits, tortoises and ponies.  They will listen and learn about the types of foods each animal eats, the feeding schedules, and the maintenance required as far as grooming and cleaning their habitats.  \n\nThe children will learn how the animals are cared for when they become ill and see that they must take medicine also to make them better. The children will then have an opportunity to feed several animals by hand.  Finally each child will be given a pony ride around the stable, guided by one of the ranch hands.  Overall I believe this would be an exciting and awesome experience for my beautiful, wide-eyed 3 and 4 year old students, who are just beginning to learn about the wonders of our world. \n\nOur students live in an economically low income area, where one or both parents may be unemployed; this may prevent them from indulging in such educational trips.  Your donations will help insure the attendance of all our students on such an awesome, adventurous experience.  After the trip we will compile a class book to commemorate our experience, and allow the students to revisit the experience over and over again. 
59:::Our Special Education classroom is a place where students feel successful. They participate and engage in differentiated curriculum and are on track to make 3 points of growth on the ACT. \n\nOur school is an inner-city charter school in Chicago. 89% of our students receive free or federally funded lunch and 100% receive financial aid when applying to college. 84% are first generation college students, 80% enroll in a 4 year college upon graduation and 15% enroll in a two year college upon graduation. Our goal as a Special Education Department is to make sure our students have the same opportunities as their General Education peers. \n\nOur Special Education teachers have already attended professional development on and developed lesson plans using specific apps (linked with Apple TV) that are data-proven to lead toward academic growth. Students (in groups of 5) will engage in app-based learning while the teacher projects a model of what they should be doing on the projector screen using the Apple TV. \n\nWe work to have our students apply to specific college programs that aid students with disabilities in the college setting. Technology is a huge part toward the path of success for Special Education students. We want to prepare our students for college and the work force by providing them with technology that will enhance their skill set and allow them to grow as learners. 
60:::The 25 students in my first grade classroom love to learn through technology. It makes sense to incorporate iPads in our classroom so students can be engaged while learning. My students love to learn and I know that access to an iPad will truly engage them during reading centers. \n\nMy classroom is a place where 25 first graders show me everyday that they are eager to learn new things. My class has a diverse population including students with autism, academic IEPs, and low socio-economic status. Our school is an amazing place where students are supported to help them reach their fullest potential. We have a high number of students who qualify for free and reduced lunch. We are a Title One school and have just implemented the Reading Recovery program within our first grade classrooms supporting the students who need the most support. \n\nMy students will be able to use this iPad during our reading centers each day. Students will visit this center for 15 minutes each day focusing on reading and language arts skills during this time. I would love for my students to use the iPad to become classroom reporters by taking pictures and blogging about our experiences each week. I envision my students using some amazing QR code projects that have been created by teacher bloggers across our country. I have so many ideas for incorporating this iPad into our daily classroom life. \n\nDonating to this project will help my students have a more enriching experience during our daily five reading centers. It will also be used to support students who need sensory breaks throughout the school day! It will be a wonderful addition to our classroom and learning experiences. 
61:::Sitting in traditional chairs is overrated!! Students need to move in order to focus.  Help me change the traditional classroom by providing my students with stability balls to replace their chairs!! \n\nThe majority of my students are on the free and reduced-price lunch program and are second language learners.  I have many RSP students, students with attention problems, and a student with autism.  Getting my class to focus is a challenge and I'm convinced that exchanging their chairs for stability balls will help dramatically. \n\nResearch shows that stability balls are increasing productivity in classrooms across the county because students are allowed to wiggle without distracting the rest of the class.  It requires more focus to sit on a ball rather than a chair forcing the student to be more alert. I'm excited to see this take place in my classroom. \n\nI am requesting 33 stability balls to replace the chairs in my classroom.  I know it will help my students focus and perform better all while strengthening their core muscles and improving their posture. 
62:::Every morning, I stand outside my classroom door waiting for my smiling, energetic group of students.  I give high fives, handshakes, and laugh at the many stories my students share with me about their evening away from school. \n\nWhen students walk into the room the first thing that they do is look at the Daily Schedule. When I put technology on the schedule I see kids jump up in the air cheering. I hear loud shrieks and "We have technology for specials today," as they shout out to each student that enters the room. Unfortunately, the students only have technology for a special once a month. There are 720 students in the school and we all share one tiny computer lab. My Second Grade students eagerly await their opportunity to go to technology each month. Several of the students don't have computers at home or Internet Services, so this is there only chance to learn and explore on the computer. I wish that I was able to provide them with opportunities to use technology daily. Seeing their smiles, hearing the cheers, and witnessing their accomplishments while using technology is so rewarding. This year the students created  power points and performed research. I would love for them to do so much more! \n\nIf I was provided with three iPad Minis my students would be given the opportunity to use technology daily. They would use the iPads as a literacy and math center. I would use the many applications on the iPads to enrich and reteach common core standards and objectives. During Literacy Center, students would practice phonics,vocabulary, and comprehension to enhance their reading and writing skills. During Math Center,  they would practice problem solving, math computation, fact fluency, and many other areas to assist them in becoming star mathematicians. Two students would share one iPad by using the headphone adapter. They would work together as a team, teach one another, and discover new ideas and concepts together. The iPads would also be used as a research tool. Students would be taught how to research topics, answer questions, and find material based on the unit of study. Students would learn where to look for resources and how to navigate while on the iPad. \n\nAt the end of the school year, I want my students to feel confident in their ability to use technology to enhance literacy development, impact language acquisition, and provide greater access to information. Providing my students with iPad Minis will not only enhance their academics, but will also motivate them to continue to learn and discover about the world around them. iPads can provide my students with lessons and activities that will help prepare them for high school and college. 
63:::As a guidance counselor in in urban elementary school including grades K-6, I spend time with students helping them work through interpersonal issues and encouraging character development along the way. \n\nOur school serves a culturally diverse low-income area characterized by strong, hard-working families who value their children's education. Most of our students qualify for the free and reduced price lunch program. Our school is proud of our students' achievement, both academically and socially.  \n\nThese resources will be used daily in our guidance office and in classrooms as the guidance counselor works with individual students, groups and in whole class situations promoting character education and good citizenship. The puppets and books will be used for role-playing with younger students, and the board games will be used with older students. \n\nThese materials will support the growth of a positive school culture in which all students will feel valued and safe. Geared toward the multiple age groups that our guidance office serves, the puppets, books and games will support the guidance and school staff as they work with individual students, small groups and classrooms. 
64:::Many students at my school have recently immigrated from other countries, some with only the clothes on their back. I would like to take them to Boston to visit the Museum of Science and give them an experience of a lifetime; including the bus trip, the Museum, and ice cream in North Station. \n\nDiversity is defined as\n1) the quality or state of having many different forms, types, ideas, etc.\n2) the state of having people who are different races or who have different cultures in a group or organization\n\nDiverse-this is the word that best describes my school. As stated above we have many immigrants from all over the world, from over 30 different nations; many of whom have little or nothing  when they arrive at our doors. Our families have a very high rate of poverty, over 75%. We also have some of the highest taxed real estate in the city in our neighborhood, and yes, the children who live in those houses also attend our school. \n\nOur motto is "From across the street and around the world", which truly describes us. The culture of our school is tightly woven in cultural and ethnic diversity and it is a beautiful place to be! The children have a desire to learn, no matter, or perhaps because of, the circumstances from which they come. \n\nThe resource needed is funding for a bus to take the fifth graders at my school to Boston; so the students can explore the Museum of Science, and also stop at North Station for an ice cream cone on the way back to school. \n\nWhile at the museum the students will be able to explore the exhibits, including many hands-on experiences. The exhibits currently on display can expose the students to many potential careers in science including: paleontologist, medical doctor, astronaut, computer engineer, entomologist, ornithologist, meteorologist, veterinarian, as well as many others. \n\nThe students will learn how sunlight, wind and moving water can generate energy with fewer negative side effects; how natural disasters are triggered, and how we can prepare for them; and even experience a lightning show provided by the Van de Graaff generator. They will also be able to attend a showing of an IMAX movie, where they will learn about the human body in detail-larger than life. So cool! \n\n"Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton asked why." -a quote from Bernard Baruch. I want my students to ask why and this trip will inspire them to do so!\n\nThe last time we visited the museum I "taught" a student, new to the United States, how to ride an escalator. I have never seen a grin that big, before or since. \n\nThe trip will be a once in a lifetime experience for many of our students. I want to be able to share this experience with them, and with the generosity of donors, I will be able to do so. 
65:::My students walk into the classroom and grab their iPads from the charging cart. They begin their day by creating fully illustrated graphic organizers that detail their vocabulary words. Though this is just one example, they use them to create, explore and expand their horizons all day long.\n \n\nMy group of students this year are truly unique. The intelligence that manifests itself everyday in my nine and ten year old students would astound anyone that walked in. Whether it's questions about NATO's involvement in Sudan, or exploring the meanings of "Justice" or "Freedom", they constantly push the envelope of anywhere I expected to teach in any given lesson! I do not exaggerate when I say that this particular group of students loves to learn, is curious about the world and not afraid to challenge adults when it comes to assertions or opinions. The children that are in our classrooms are at a pivotal moment in the evolution of the American Educational System. No longer does the Common Core ask teachers to be the all-knowing-experts that no one really is. The iPads and the projects these students create teach them to be problem solvers and empower them to teach us, as adults, how perceptive, inventive, creative, and powerful our children really are. This class exemplifies that. \n\nThough my class has the capability and is fortunate enough to have iPads, they are ready to expand what they can do with the device. In the past, with paper and pencil, many of my fifth grade boys, in particular, would pick up a pencil, be asked to write for 20, 30, or 40 minutes and put their head on the desk, sometimes crying, because they couldn't think of anything to write! Currently, I do not have one student that worries about not having enough to write and I attribute this to the technology that is at their fingertips. It doesn't physically hurt anymore and hands don't get tired. What does get tired though, is a brain that has to differentiate between a physical device (keyboard) and a screen. While typing on an iPad screen, my students eyes get tired and they experience an inauthentic way of articulating their thoughts, while hitting shapes on a screen. While using a keyboard, they practice real keyboarding skills that they will need for future projects, essays, and notes. \n\nIn articulating thoughts with a keyboard, they will learn to type faster and accurately. When doing that, they can get their ideas down and work with their peers in refining their opinions through debates, blogs, collaborative projects, and other higher-level thinking tasks. Instead of focusing on shapes on a screen, they can focus on thinking. In donating for keyboards, you are not only helping these students, this year, you are ensuring success for them and future 5th-grade classes. 
66:::Ready? Read! Every day during snack time we read on our own for about 10 minutes and we love it! However, when we put our books back in our backpack sometimes they get hurt, things from our lunch bag may spill on them or they bend and break.  We love our books and want to keep them safe! \n\nWe are an avid group of readers.  Our class visits the library once a week and we get to check out 2 books per week.  We also take our guided reading books home.  This year we have been learning how to take care of our books, we even did a PBL and showed the entire school how to take care of our books, it was awesome.  Our posters were put up all over the school and the big kids learned from us kindergarteners.  However, sometimes our books get damaged in our backpacks, they bend and break, or things from our lunch box spill on them.  \n\nWe need a safe place to keep our books.  Books need love and care too.  Others may want to use them, but they will not be able to do so if they are broken or damaged.  Please help us keep our books safe and sound! \n\nMy students will place not only their library books in these handy pouches but also their guided reading books.  Many times the guided reading books get damaged because they are so thin and we've had books go missing because the kids do not have a place to put them.  We also have times in which my students forget to return the library books because they are nowhere to be found.  If my students had these pouches then they could always keep their books in one spot and would always know where the books are. \n\nThis particular project will help my students put into practice the PBL they completed earlier this year, "How to Take Care of Books". My kids love reading, they enjoy going to the library to check out books.  If they have a spot where their book goes then they would always know where it is and would be able to return it which would in turn allow them to check out more books.  These pouches will also keep their guided reading books safe and sound, and easy to find every time! 
67:::My library is a beautiful space that is a child friendly space that celebrates literacy. We have a great collection of books and the students love visiting the library and discovering books that match their interests and help them to love reading. \n\nOur school is an elementary school in Boston. We have 600 students in grades Pre-K-5th grade. Our students come to school everyday with a real lust for life. We have a large population of students for whom English is a second language, more than 50% of our students speak a language other than English at home. 15% of our students have learning disabilities, and more than 90% of our students are classified as "high need" by The Massachusetts Department of Education. Despite all the challenges my students face they come to school excited to learn and they especially love to visit the library. \n\nI am requesting 3 Ipads for our library. Students will use the Ipads during library class in a variety of ways. Students will use the Ipads as listening center to listen to audio books. Students will use the Ipads to access educational apps. Students will use the Ipad to access the library catalog to look up books that we have in the library. I will also have students use the Ipads to document work in the library by taking picture, using the audio and also recording videos. Students will learn how to use technology in a variety of ways. \n\nOur school does not have the technology that our students need to be successful in today's world. Despite being "digital natives" they are exposed to little technology in school, and our library only has 6 computers for student use and 1 Kindle Fire. Adding Ipads to the library will prepare them for the modern work place and help my students to gain important technology skills that will be needed when they reach middle and high school. 
68:::My 6th grade students are eager to learn; they have a window of learning that is open and ready to absorb new information and grasp new concepts. I try to make everyday in Science worth their while with hands-on lab activities, technology integration and inquiry based projects. \n\nWe are a rural school district located 1 1/2 - 2 hours from two major cities and their sprawling suburbs.  Some of our students are ardent travelers, however most have not been out of the community.  Our school is a junior high for students in 6th, 7th, and 8th grades.  Our campus is 49.9% economically disadvantaged. \n\nThis request is for canvas (or other cloth) aprons which will be worn during 6th grade science lab activities because one of our state requirements in Science is "to use preventative safety equipment, including aprons." The students will also be engaged in the activity of using information from the Periodic Table to personalize their aprons. With this project, students will do research on an element, and paint their apron with the element name, chemical symbol, atomic number and pictures showing some examples of the uses of the element.  When finished, students will be better familiarized with the elements and they will have their own personalized apron to wear during lab activities throughout the year. \n\n6th grade is the first time students are introduced to elements and their chemical symbols. They are expected to know that an element is a pure substance represented by chemical symbols. (This is an area our students test poorly on in 8th grade.) With this project, students will have the tactile learning experience of painting their element's information and wearing their apron throughout the year for lab activities. It'll be a great reminder of a lesson learned, and following safety guidelines. 
69:::With technology bringing so many options into the classroom it is hard to keep up and keep kids interested. This iPad would be great to grab the kids attention and keep it! \n\nI have a class of 22 2nd graders. We are a school that is 99% high poverty. Not only do the kids not have things at home but with schools and school systems having so many budget cuts we don't have many thing, technology wise, to offer them.  Also one of the down falls to having a low economic school is that we do not have an active PTA. Therefore they cannot even buy us things for the classroom. These kids want to learn and want to experience real technology and not just see it on TV. Please help me prepare these kids to be our future.  \n\nWith an iPad I can download apps for learning, there are website that I can make QR codes and have the kids solve math mysteries, answer questions about what we have been learning, and give them information. There are classroom apps for behavior that are really neat. There are so many ways the kids can use this and I can use this for the classroom. The kids can use this individually, as a group, and we can use it as a class.  \n\nOur class has 3 desktop computers but an iPad would just spark a new interest in learning. These kids have only seen E-readers and lower end tablets but an iPad would just be an amazing thing to have! There are so many educational apps and apps for the classroom.  
70:::Most of my students have never touched play dough much less woven on a loom. I want to give these high schoolers as much opportunity as I possibly can to explore the world of art. \n\nMy school has over 1800 students, most of whom are underprivileged. The students are determined, excited about life, and ready for challenges. We are trying to grow our art program so I'd like to offer as many opportunities as possible to encourage students to join our program. There are so many talented young people at my school! \n\nWe will explore the art of weaving by using the looms and yarn to create tapestries that the students can display in the school. The looms are reusable, so I will be able to offer this wonderful opportunity to students year after year. Please support our project. \n\nThe students I work with have not had the opportunities to explore other cultures and crafts from those cultures. I want to give them the opportunity to become more culturally aware and learn to make things for themselves. 
71:::We are a special education classroom that is inclusive of all academic levels. In our particular school security is an immediate concern and our population is extremely transient, some students may be in our classroom for one day while other may be in there for up to a year or more.  \n\nOur classroom creates an interesting challenge in how to create self contained class and yet provide materials for both self directed lessons and classroom group activities, like our reading and literacy center. Some of the books are individual books that the students can access for projects they are concentrating on and other books are class sets like this project is comprised of. Our class sets are used in our reading class when we read a book together because of the particulars of where we work, reading fulfills different needs in our class.  \n\nThe students have the books they are personally reading while not in class, like during personal; time or when in their rooms, since they live here at our school. What this project addresses is the constant hunger to access and read the classics, the few we have had have been voraciously consumed. \n\nWe have redesigned the literacy center to provide more class sets. We will read them for class and they are generally accessible in class for them to further their reading interests when class time is over. The six class sets of books for this classroom project will fill the need for the constant access class sets. Our students are really excited as security concerns have in the past prevented us from having this literacy center in the main library, which we've now been granted access to create. 
72:::In middle school, students start to care more about their image, so every little accessory is scrutinized.  Fun and modern bookmarks will help students see that carrying a book to read is not a stigma!  Plus, by choosing bookmarks each time they get a book, students can see how many books they read! \n\nWe are a Title I school with a large percentage of our students coming from low-income homes and participating in the free and reduced price lunch program.  While they may face obstacles outside of school, we strive to keep their focus on their future and all that they can achieve.  Using incentive programs of many kinds, we surround our students with positive attitudes, role models, and opportunities to experience the world outside of the small area in which they live.  We know that reading can take them many places, so we are working hard to strengthen and grow our literacy efforts on campus. \n\nWith these resources, students will find a connection with the library and the books available to them.  The bookmarks are fun and modern and will appeal to the teens we serve, thereby drawing them into the library on a more regular basis.  Plus, we aim to start a bookmark club in which students can collect bookmarks they get as they read books, ultimately aiming for a bookmark swap meet before we release for the summer. \n\nDonations towards this bookmark project will improve our campus and classrooms by encouraging students to check out books and to find the fun that can be associated with visiting the library.  Students will see that checking out books and getting bookmarks can be a positive experience, while also making visual connections to the appearance of the bookmarks themselves. 
73:::A typical day in my classroom is busy! My students are active and love to fool around, but few love to read.  Many of the reading programs teach the students theories and skills the students will need for assessment testing, but these programs lack helping students to want to read. \n\nMy students come from a poor, urban environment.  Not much emphasis is placed on reading for enjoyment by their families.  Their parents are concerned but lack they skills and or the experience on how to introduce their children to the love of reading. This job falls on the school.  The school district has purchased the latest reading curriculum program.  But, this program offers students no choice of books and does not encourage reading outside of school. This grant will allow students to choose their own books and gives them a way which encourages reading during their free time at home. \n\nStudents will be given a choice of two, scholastic books to read from the school's supply of books left from the school's Scholastic Book Fairs. After selecting their books, they will be given a flashlight to encourage reading books even at night.  No one is truly a reader until they have been so hooked on a book they continue reading by flashlight after the lights have been turned off. My students need flashlights to encourage reading and AA batteries to power the flashlights. \n\nMy students need all the encouragement they can get to read books.  Having the ability to chose the books they will read and a "special" way to read them (by flashlights) will encourage them on their journey to become life long readers. 
74:::My students are completing the pilot year of the first ever STEM elective at my middle school.  During the programming unit, the students completed an online course via Code.org, earning credits for our classes to fund this project!  The students selected the drones! \n\nMy kids are 7th grade STEM students in a project-based learning environment.  Our hands-on projects this year have generated more energy, intelligent conversation, positive and productive collaboration and just plain FUN than I've seen in any other class I've taught.  They've earned this "students' choice" project, and I can't wait to see them experiment with programming paths for the drones and flying them! \n\nThe students in my STEM elective have completed introductory coursework in both programming and robotics.  They've also used the engineering/design cycle in many of our building projects this year.  When we receive these drones and replacement parts, we plan to play with them a bit to figure them out, then design courses for them with hula hoops and boxes.  We'll have teams of students design programs to guide the drones through the obstacle courses, and we will compete for the quickest (or most successful) flight! \n\nThis project is a reward, acknowledging the hard work of a group of students who completed a challenging programming course to earn funds for the drones.  The students' hard work earned the funds, then they selected how we'd spend the funds, and now they're sharing the fruits of their hard work with this cool and engaging team challenge we will close the year with.  Memories will be made, I am sure!    
75:::In my classroom we do a lot of moving around through the day.  I would like for all students to be comfortable when they are in small groups or a teacher led group, a kidney table will help establish great work ability among students and teacher. \n\nMany of my students are language learners.  They live in a low socio economic area.  Many parents are field workers and speak only Spanish.  My students are caring and eager to learn. My students thrive by being able to work in co operative groups and in teacher lead small groups. \n\nThe kidney table will help me better my small group time with all of my students.  My students will be doing projects and literature discussion around the kidney table.  We will also be doing more teacher led discussions with the Common Core Curriculum and i would like to have an area for me to work with small groups of students.  My students will be able to do to peer editing for writing, small group games for Lang Arts and Math, and they will be able to learn how to work with others along with helping each other in areas that are difficult. \n\nThis will allow my students to move around more quickly and easily.  They will know exactly where to get the extra help they need or where they are allowed to work in groups and or a quiet area. 
76:::Replacing a teacher who retired, I needed to start fresh. My students are wonderful kids from less than affluent origins. They gave me the chance to push my passion of invention and work ethic agenda on them and they came through like champs. I awoke many minds and want the world to watch them fly! \n\nAs a teacher of what I feel is one of the most important subjects to any child, I have watched as the skill and interest level for industrial arts or technology education has kept pace with the decline of the subjects implementation in far too many schools. Our Nation and our State were once leaders in innovation. I believe we can get that spirit back with programs that excite, challenge and reward students when they achieve and engineer new concepts or reinvent old ones.  My students are among the most culturally diverse in the state and span a wide range of talents and abilities that continue to amaze our staff. I know we can keep our recent success going and as the students get more excited about my robotics classes I can introduce more related subjects, like pre-engineering and prototype design and fabrication. We can be innovators and regain that spirit of yesterday again, with the students of today, I believe we can do anything. Money is a sad excuse for failure.   \n\nWith a 3D printer, we can see rapid success when ideas and designs are made into a physical thing they can see and hold and appreciate as something they created. The thrill students experience when a project actually works or in some cases does not work, is the very stuff invention is made of. I stress following a logical path and learning from mistakes is also a part of that process.  Taking this class to the next level will afford much more than a tangible object for study or testing in a design task. A hands on activity has been a proven way to help students retain and understand a lesson more effectively and the fun factor is an added bonus as the attitude assists the outcome. We will be able to enhance our robot kits by adding the dimension of problem solving and engineering for a specific purpose. They will no longer have to rely solely on old cardboard and hot glue to bring their ideas into physical space, they would have the chance to accurately make their ideas to scale.   \n\nAs we are a district with limited funds, this would go a long way to perpetuating the growing enthusiasm and excitement the kids are starting to show. It will also help make our room a more well rounded learning space, that I have been trying to create by devoting sections of the room to specific purposes while other spaces remain multifunctional. I want my students to have a fully functioning example of what an engineering Lab should be. I want their curiosity to lead to discovery with no limits. 
77:::Kindergarten students are motivated and eager to learn.  Many are at different levels in their reading and are discovering new words.  They have learned to become a reader you have to practice.  In our classroom, we say "the more you practice, the better you get!  You never give up!" \n\nWe have a diverse population in our school.  Our school is 100% free lunch with 60% having English as a second language and 25% Spanish is their primary language.  My students are eager to learn, determined to master the skills, and strive through obstacles facing them at home.  Many come from single parent homes or live with a guardian.  Regardless of their situation, many are hungry for attention and knowledge.  Because they come from poverty in their home, their background knowledge is minimal and I literally have to start from ground zero.  Feeding them new knowledge and experiences help them to build skills to become active learners.  \nTo see the difference that I can make in their life, is valuable and will carry them as they continue in their education. \n\nIt is critical that I am motivating my students by providing new activities and resources to meet the required goals.  The goal for kindergarten is to learn the foundations to become a reader, letter names and sounds and decoding.  The reading materials will be used during reading and reading workshop.  During Reading Workshop, we  use the Daily Five strategies. It is a strategy used to build independence in reading and writing. It allows opportunities to level activities to meet the individual needs of every student.  \nIn Daily Five, the resources will be utilized  for word work.  The resources will  provide more choices for them and will enhance the activities for the students, keeping them engaged is vital to working independently.  When they become bored, they become off task and do not use their time efficiently.  \nAdditionally, the resources will be used during reading to enhance the reading lessons. \n\nLearning to read is the goal for kindergarten.  It is essential for them to build confidence, be successful, and enjoy learning.  Setting that foundation for them now will help to develop positive reading habits as they continue in their education.  What I can do now will prepare them to be a life long learner. \n 
78:::Teaching with technology is my passion.  In our classroom, you will see technology integrated into every subject area.  By the end of the year, students will publish multiple stories, create Prezi and PowerPoint presentations, research, and create a virtual museum! \n\nI work with a fabulous group of thirty 4th graders!  I have a wide range of ability levels.  Our school has approximately 900 students and includes two computer labs.  Unfortunately, these computer labs may not be used at all for approximately 16 weeks of the school year.  During those 16 weeks, the labs are used solely for district wide testing.  This makes it very challenging to integrate technology throughout the curriculum.  I believe that technology not only motivates my students but enhances my teaching. \n\nMy goal is to integrate technology within every subject area.  Technology is an incredible motivator, and it is also necessary to be competitive in today's society.  My students will be using any laptops we receive to publish stories, create Prezi or PowerPoint presentations, research for projects, and creating virtual museums, and much more.  Students will learn the correct way to word process stories, newsletters, brochures, and more.  They will also create presentations and give oral presentations learning how to become a confident public speaker.  Virtual museums are another way to present learned information while also learning how to hyperlink slides together.  The laptops will also be used for researching on the Internet.  I am always striving to find more ways to integrate technology with the curriculum. \n\nHaving more laptops in the classroom will allow the students to have more access to technology.  Using technology for a variety of purposes will help prepare students for the future.  Students need to be able to type an essay, create a presentation, and know how to effectively research using the Internet.  Providing my students with these opportunities is my passion, and I want to make sure my students have access to technology. 
79:::7-8 year olds are naturally inquisitive and make excellent researchers.  My goal with additional computing resources is to more fully integrate technical resources in our classroom throughout our learning day not just doing a research project, but during guided reading time, writing, math and... \n\nMy urban Colorado students come from diverse home environments.  Approximately 10-20% of my classroom speak languages other than English at home and around 1/3 qualify for our free and reduced price lunch program.  Most of my 2nd graders have been in our school community since ECE and intend to continue on through 5th grade.\nA slight majority have Internet access at home and most have tremendously supportive family members who contribute regularly to our school events.  \nOur school is fantastic! \n\nPresently we have 4 Chromebooks in the classroom, so these 3 would further supplement the technology we're able to use on a regular basis.\nI recently attended a GoogleDocs Training and am so excited by the idea of helping my 2nd graders build presentations and share documents that they can peer edit, etc.  I know they're capable and interested in so much more than we're able to do now and I want them to have the resources they need to accelerate their learning.\nDuring guided reading groups I want to be able to pull up images of things we read about to further cement their comprehension.  When we're working in social studies or science I want to be able to send small groups off to research and present on a topic and know that everyone will touch a computer vs. wait for one person to key on a keyboard. \n\nThese Chromebooks will allow so much more independent learning to take place.  The ancient laptops now in use in our classroom are maintenance nightmares and regularly require teacher/adult intervention to function in the most minimal sense.  \nMy 2nd graders take so much pride in our classroom materials and would be respectful of these devices and I would be motivated to continue to push my students' technological skills! 
80:::Reading comprehension is an area where my students seem to struggle. What better way to brush up on comprehension skills than through these board games! \n\nMy school is located on a military base in Fort Polk, Louisiana. All of my students come from a military background. Many have seen more parts of the United States than I have! I have a wonderful group of students, however, they lack motivation. What better way to motivate students than through these interactive board games! \n\nI would really love to use the games as a way to reward my students for doing well in my class. I have two ELA classes. I give tests every Friday. I have decided to use the board games as a way to reward the class with the highest average. I think this will encourage students to try their very  best in my class.  \n\nI want to make learning fun for my students. With the new state requirements and regulations, I am seeing students get discouraged easily. I want a way to to motivate and encourage my students every day.  
81:::Having a class full of 25 curious, energetic children has many challenges.  Our day is spent in a variety of ways.  We have whole group lessons, small groups lessons, individual tutoring and independent work happening each day. \n\nMy 25 students are amazing kids! They come from a wide range of social backgrounds and have varying ability levels.  Everyday I need to find time to meet with individual or small groups of students for a variety of reasons.  They may have been absent and missed critical information, need reteaching of a difficult skill or require a challenging lesson to move their skill level forward.  Using technology will increase the rate of engagement in students that struggle to stay motivated at school. \n\nOur iPad will be used for skill practice, remediation, project-based learning, and challenge work. Critical thinking skills will be increased through research projects.  This will enhance the learning of fellow classmates when their projects are shared. \n\nDonations to my project will expose students to updated technology.  This will allow them to keep up with their peers and better prepare them for the future.  Having technology available will motivate and increase the learning of students that need just a little extra something to keep on going.  The utilization of this technology will stimulate their imaginations, curiosity, and open up countless learning opportunities. 
82:::My 2nd grade students are English language learners.  They are eager to learn but often need more materials to access the 2nd grade curriculum. \n\nMy super-star second grade students are bilingual, creative, intelligent, loving, caring, kind, hilarious, hard-working and AWESOME. Despite their hard work and eagerness to learn, the majority of my 2nd graders are testing on a kindergarten or 1st grade level and need your help! I am so proud of their accomplishments thus far and know with the right resources they will succeed!  \n\nWe need hands on math games to help them master 2nd grade math concepts, including place value, measurement, money and more.  During our 90 minute math block students participate in independent math stations that reinforce Second grade math skills.  My students will be using the math resources I have requested as part of our math station rotation.  Students will be working together to master Second grade math skills using math games! \n\nMy students are tracking lower then their 2nd grade peers around the country in mathematic assessments.  These donations will provide my students with the hands-on math manipulatives they need to engage and succeed in 2nd grade math. 
83:::My classroom is challenging and fun!  Students identify problems (we call them opportunities), brainstorm solutions, make prototypes, then build finished products.  Staying up on new technology is expensive, but that's OK, we go with this; "Difficulties mastered are opportunities won".\nChurchill \n\nMy students are 7th, 8th, and 9th graders.  This is the best age to teach because they are excited about life.  They enjoy learning new things, playing with gadgets, and they LOVE technology.  In our area most schools are getting rid of shops and turning them into computer labs.  Our district still believes there is value in students using their own hands and tools to create projects. Students love to envision a final product and they work hard to make it perfect.  Traditionally, this is a class that mainly boys take.  Over the years we have been able to get the girls interested.  We currently have about 30% female students and they do outstanding work.  We try to come up with projects that students are inspired by and excited to get involved with.  Currently, the favorite projects are the skate boards and long boards.  Each student makes a custom mold out of foam.  They then use thin sheets of laminate, glue, and a vacuum press to form the wood into their own custom board.       \n\nA new 3-D printer from MakerBot would open endless possibilities for our students.  By using the latest technology and such a cool idea as a 3-D printer students will be able to explore so many uses.  I still cannot comprehend all the things that could be done with this.  We do a lot with design and problem-solving.  This will give us another tool to do prototype work with.  Inventions and innovations are another subject we deal with.  Students will be able to make visual representations and even final examples of their ideas and products much easier than before.  This could be used to make the tool needed to make their product.  There is so much out there that is being done or, at least attempted, that truly this technology is wide open and seemingly endless.  I want my students to be on the leading edge of this technology so they will be ready for a wonderful future.  I look forward to someday seeing a product in the marketplace that one of my students was part of.   \n\nThis 3-D printer is a tool, but it is a powerful tool that is going to be in every house very soon.  People will be able to produce their own custom goods without have to go to the store.  They will be used by everyone to produce items that help others.  I want my students to be on the forefront of this technology.  By learning now, when the technology is growing, my students will have a base knowledge that they can further build upon in the future.  This is a great opportunity.  Thank you! 
84:::Kindergarten is a year of tremendous growth.  We spend every day in small groups and at independent centers learning words: how to read them and write them.  I want to make sure all of my students are reading by the time they leave me and go to first grade. \n\nMy students are 5 and 6 years old and go to a Title I school in a city school district.  With school budgets diminishing, we try to use school funds to buy basic resources, like paper and dry erase markers.  I would like some more engaging resources for my students.  They need hands-on materials that will help them retain what they have learned. They are excited to learn and want to make progress.  We celebrate every gain, even if it is one more letter or sight word learned.  Most are economically disadvantaged and do not have resources at home. \n\nThe resources I am requesting will be used during my small group reading time by myself, by my instructional assistant, or at independent centers.  They will use the sight word puzzles and sight word games to learn to read and spell sight words.  They will use the word builders, magnetic word building boards, fill-in-the-blank phonics stamps and Read and Write phonics practice boards to learn to read and spell short vowel words.  Learning sight words and how decode other words are the basis of early reading skills.  With these resources, my students will hopefully be beginning readers by the end of the school year and better prepared for first grade. \n\nIf you donate to my project, the materials purchased will help my students with more engaging ways to learn new words.  The foundation of school starts in Kindergarten.  If they leave me on or above grade level in reading, they will be less likely to fall behind later.  You are investing in their future. 
85:::Many of my 8th grade students have recently moved here from other countries and are very eager to fit in and learn about American 'norms.' As a whole, they ask fascinating questions and never cease to impress me with their desire to learn. \n\nAll of my students are English Language Learners living in an inner city. Our middle school has over 900 students, many of which just moved here from other countries. My students work hard and look forward to coming to school every day. Despite the fact that they all speak different languages, my kids get along very well and appreciate each others' differences. \n\nThis month, my 8th graders and I discussed global warming and the environment. The students were fascinated! We talked a lot about how one person can make a difference when it comes to the amount of garbage he/she creates. We all agreed, that by skipping a bag at checkout, we can make a huge difference in our environment. If funded, my project will provide each of my students with their own reusable bag, allowing them to 'skip the bag' every time they shop! \n\nThe group of students interested in this project are an exceptional group of kids. If I'm able to give each of them their own reusable bag, I know they will be so appreciative and excited to do their part and help the environment. 
86:::Have you ever wanted to accomplish a goal, but didn't have what you needed to do it? This is a reality in the school that I teach in because many students yearn for knowledge, but don't have the means to get the most simple of supplies. My goal is to make learning accessible to all students. \n\nMy students are enthusiastic, creative and intelligent individuals! 99% of the students I serve receive free lunch and come from families with very limited means. As a result, students often come to school without supplies such as paper and pencil. In an effort to better serve my students, I am reaching out to get materials that will eliminate the stress that comes from not having what is needed to succeed.   \n\nThese materials will allow students to create multiple projects and be successful in daily learning. The multicolored paper is critical in teaching organizational skills which support special education learners as well as general education learners. The regular paper will be used to help students through graphic organizers, fold-able study guides and to print their research and write summaries for the World Geography Fair that is held twice a year. \n\nThe donation of paper products will greatly improve my classroom by preventing students from being able to access materials because they don't have what they need to succeed. Additionally, these products will provide students multiple means to access the information through project based learning and building independent thinking skills.  
87:::Imagine what a class would be like if they all had their own resource book to use. My class of 4th graders have to share 10 dictionaries between everyone. I would love to see the excitement on their faces when they each get their own to use.\n \n\nI have a awesome bunch of 4th graders this year. They came to school that first day yearning to learn great things. They love to explore and research new ideas.\n\nOur school has a vision where we "Ensure success for All Students".\n\nWe prepare students for college and careers through creative and critical thinking skills. This helps to stimulate students' intellectual curiosity. Without the proper resources, that vision is sometimes hard to attain.\nMy students love "words". We are always looking up new words to find out the meaning of them. We also find out what part of speech they are connected with, in their writing the students are asked to find better words that mean the same to make their writing come alive!\n \n\nIt is very frustrating when my students try to find the words in the dictionaries we have in our classroom. We have 3 different dictionaries that are from 1999, as you can imagine, a lot of words are not in it.\n\nWith new dictionaries and thesaurus's, my students will be able to locate their words with ease and excitement. The dictionaries and thesaurus's will be updated with new words for use in their writing, guided reading, and Language Arts assignments.\n\nThe students are working on a "Word Jar" where they put in new words that are exciting and memorable to them. These new dictionaries and thesaurus's will help with this project.\n\nEvery class should have updated resources to help with creative and critical thinking skills. Students should not have to be frustrated while waiting around for their turn to use it. This donation will help keep my students creative juices flowing! Thank you!  
88:::A typical day in our class is fun and exciting. We start off with phonics and math songs, we read stories, and do many activities on the Promethean board. We also do hands-on activities during our literacy center time. I hope that by the end of the year, I will have a class of excellent readers. \n\nOur class is very special. We are an inclusion class, so we have students with many special needs. We are all on very different levels, but it doesn't stop us from working together as a family. \n\nThis school holds a special place in my heart. This was my elementary school. It is an honor to be teaching in the very same building that gave me a passion for learning and teaching. I feel at home here and couldn't dream of a more perfect place to teach. \n\nLearning to read is a very difficult skill to learn. Many students become discouraged when they can not read certain books.  By having leveled books, my students will be able to read a book that is appropriate for the reading level they are currently at. When they read appropriate books, they will be able to feel successful. Each student has already been tested and assigned a level. I will help them learn what level they are on. Then, during center time, they will choose a book from the correct level to practice reading. The success they feel when being able to read a book all by their self will help me encourage them to move up a level. Having pre-leveled books will also help to create an independence that will be necessary when they move up to first grade.  \n\nThis project will make a difference because it will help create a class full of readers. These books will prevent students from wasting time reading books that are too easy or too difficult. It will help students feel confident with a very troubling skill.  
89:::I teach 1st grade in a title one school in the small town of Indiana.  I have the pleasure of working with many hard working students, teachers, and staff.  Over 60% of the students in my school are on free or reduced lunch. \n\nEveryday my students participate in center time while I work in small groups to make sure all students are learning the skills and standards needed to be ready for second grade.  Not only is it my responsibility to teach the standards but to also give them real-life experiences. I do not have a teacher's aide and I am usually the only adult in my classroom.  Having fun and enriching leaning centers helps to keep the students on task while I am working in small groups.  I also work very diligently to give my students opportunities and experiences that they may not get at home due to poverty or special circumstances outside of my control. \n\nStudents will have the opportunity to use up - to - date technology to enhance their learning.  Having the iPad minis in the classroom will allow students to use technology to learn academic standards in a fun and exciting way.  I will put the devices in a learning center for the students to use while I am working one-on-one or in small groups with students.   Students will use the iPad mini apps that will help them practice reading, math, and science skills that have already been taught in the classroom.  iPad minis will also allow my students to be able to use technology more frequently and experience 21st century technology first hand. \n\nDonations to this project will help enhance my classroom learning environment.  It will give the students another learning opportunity.  The iPad minis will also help students be well rounded in the 21st century. 
90:::Welcome to the center of Coney Island. Our school has students from all different nationalities and religions. A lot of our students are ESL or FELL students and putting on a play will really integrate them into a creative and team building experience. Please help build this for them. \n\nOur school is located in a very diverse community. Our children are of all different descents and cultures, Spanish, Russian, African American, Caucasian, Arabic, Hindu, and Chinese. Many of our students are ESL or FELL students. This year will be the first time our school is going to be putting on a play. We are hoping that this is so successful that this will become an annual tradition. The gifts you bear us will ensure that the set designs are gorgeous and intriguing, the costumes are realistic and get the children motivated and excited. Please help our students build strong relationships with one another through working together to put on this play. This play will not only be a fun experience, but will teach the children to work together, build their vocabulary and reading skills, build a community, and keep them busy in a positive way. \n\nThe materials that we requested will be able to help the students build the scenic designs for the play "The Wizard of OZ". They will be able to create Play Bill's for our guests. Furthermore, the cast will be able to wear the correct costumes to get the show on the road! Paint will be used to create play set and auditorium decorations. Posters will be made to be hung up around the schools. Costumes are needed for day of show. Laminator will be used to laminate posters and play bills. \n\nThis project will help our students put their creativeness to work. They will be able to build new friendships, work together, and create team building relationships. They will be able to come to a safe place after school and on Saturday's, where they will work hard, feel rewarded and learn new traits about themselves. 
91:::We are a class of 15, most of whom are Autistic. A typical day is never typical. Each day brings a new and exciting experience. Whether it's finding new information in our textbooks or exploring the world through technology. \n\nOur students vary from student to student. We have some in our class that are very talkative and some that are very quite. We have some that are really good at math and others that are really good at reading. All of our students are eager to learn, no matter the subject. There are 15 different subjects taught in our class, because there is a combination of 9th- 12th graders in our class. \n\nOur students will use these books to read a piece of literature that is more current. Our students have shown an interests in the book, after reviewing selections from the Georgia Peach Book Award for Teen Readers, from past years. Our students enjoy the magical/mystical aspect of "Beautiful Creatures" \n\nThe donations to this project, will allow my student access a text that is not readily available to them through our school library. Our school library has 2-3 copies and we have 15 students. It will change our student's lives by igniting their desire to read. 
92:::My middle school students are constantly pushing the envelop of what they can do with the technology we have available. At this point we need mobile devices to increase our productivity and expand our understanding of the world around us. \n\nOur rural school is located in a timber community that prides itself on its history and connection to the environment. Many of my students would like to grow up and work in this industry. They are excited to learn when the context is their local community and it's products. \n\nThe forestry club in our district maintains a small plot of land to grow and harvest trees. Students are encouraged to explore the forest area and gather data about the ecosystem. In our class, groups choose a topic area related to the forest, collect data, and report the results of their survey to the class. We are requesting a tablet to take to the field. This will allow us to record photos, video, data, and use inquiry tools to research each topic. We are also requesting 5 headsets to use when reporting. The project culminates with a presentation explaining the question studied, the process of finding the answer, and the result. The kids use PowerPoint or an online presentation application to share their work. They would like to add a little personality to their presentations by creating a voice-over narration to explain their project. \n\nThis tablet will increase motivation and reduce busy work for the kids, while they learn to collect, interpret and make decisions based on their data. It will also reduce errors in data collection and help the kids focus on the major goals of the project.  
93:::A large percentage of my scholars are not enthused about learning mathematics. Typically, my students will observe me model the lesson, then they will practice independently. I would like for my scholars to become more engaged in my math class. My biggest challenge is making the math relative.  \n\nMy scholars are future college graduated that are interested in excelling in the non-traditional manner. My scholars like  to question and evaluate information critically, seek out and explore links between subjects, and develop the knowledge, attitudes, and skills necessary to appreciate their role in the world.  My scholars participate in a rigorous program that allows them to gain the self-confidence to act individually and collaboratively.\n\nMy scholars are apart of a more advanced generation and prefer to introduce the technology, games, an projects in their  daily lesson. They consider the traditional classwork and homework to be very boring. \n\nThe engaging games and dry erase boards will allow my scholars to become more engaged in the Algebra lesson and assessments. The dry erase board will allow the scholars to participate in oral assessments. I will have equality throughout the questioning process and gain immediate results. Immediate results will allow my to know which scholars are on track. The scholars will enjoy a different mechanism of answering questions. The Algebra games will allow my scholar to break the lassitude within the classroom. The scholars will be engaged and learning simultaneously.  \n\nThe donation will help improve my classroom scholar engagement and diversify my assessments. The scholars will become more engaged involved in the math content which will result to higher test scores and improved retention. Adding algebra games with allow the students to practice algebra in a more relative format. Adding a diverse assessment strategy will be beneficial to both myself and my scholars. The immediate results on the level of comprehension will allow me to differentiate my lesson. 
94:::Have you seen the look on a child's face when they read a sentence for the first time?  The excitement is contagious! \n\nMy students are energetic, creative children who love to read.  They are at the point in the year when they get so excited at their ability to identify words. Reading the same stories I read to the class is a true delight for them.  Their excitement is only magnified by the fact that this repetition of reading helps build their fluency. \n\nMy students will use these materials as a center activity. I will introduce the big book at the beginning of the week and then put it in the center for them to re-read.  They will use the pointers to point to the words at they read and the Wikki-Stix and highlighter tape to identify our sight words. Adding a new book each week will keep them engaged in the center. \n\nThis project will make a difference by giving my students the opportunity to develop their reading skills and fluency.  The Big Book Center will help them build confidence as they become strong readers. 
95:::Yesterday, I child came out to wonder..." - Joni Mitchell, The Circle Game \n\n\n\nWondering, noticing, observing, processing, and creating. These are some of the key elements one needs to be a dancer. \n\nThe students in my Dance Club, are young, energetic, and creative. They are all English Language learners and Dance Club is a wonderful place where they can transcend language barriers and find ways of expressing themselves without relying on their developing English Language skills. \n\nMany of these young girls and boys are learning about dance for the first time and eagerly show up to our class session to master the basics of ballet, jazz, contemporary, and even some hip-hop dance forms. They explode into the gymnasium, a bounding group of first through 5th graders, throw off their regular shoes, and pull on their ballet slippers. Sitting down to stretch or standing at the wall to warm up their barre skills, I breathe in a sight that is an assemblage of beauty, grace, strength,and self-expression. I see a group of girls and boys laying the foundations for dance and lives as strong women and men who can clearly express themselves. \n\nTowards the end of each school year, we hold an evening of art. We celebrate the creative force that is our student body. During that evening, the Dance Club performs dances that showcase the work that we have been doing all year. \n\nThis year, our auditorium is undergoing some intensive emergency construction and will not be available for our annual celebration. We will, instead, be performing in the gymnasium. While this space is newer than our auditorium, it lacks the special feel that a darkened theatre with a lit stage has. I want to give the girls and boys an edge of special this year. We have been dancing in the same tights and shoes for a while and they have holes or are too small. A new set of dance tights and some replacement ballet shoes will allow them to show off their dance lines and perform with poise and confidence. \n\nBy funding this project, you will be purchasing 14 new pairs of tights and 5 new pairs of ballet shoes. These items will allow the girls and boys in the Dance Club to highlight their final dances of the year at our Spring Celebration of the Arts performance, "and go round and round and round in the circle game." 
96:::Instead of thinking outside of the box, get rid of the box." This is one of my favorite quotes by Deepak Chopra and speaks to what I do each and every day with my students who experience disabilities.  My students are visual thinkers so I look for new and creative ways to meet this need. \n\nMy classroom is an amazing place filled with hardworking students and staff. Each child has an individual education plan to help them make progress on goals in academics, social skills, communication and functional life skills. They are full of curiosity, energy and incredible potential. We focus on the positive and celebrate every success that our students achieve. Each and every day, we do our best to make sure that our students have the tools they need to succeed, but it's not easy when you have a classroom budget of $200 per year. With the assistance of DonorsChoose and generous donors, I am able to provide unique and engaging materials to help my students, who experience autism and other communication disorders, overcome their challenges and let their abilities shine through. \n\nYou may be asking yourself what does an iPad Mini, Touchscreen Computer, snacks and scrapbook supplies have to do with financial literacy? Well let me tell you how.  The Cricut machine and accessories will help me create bright, fun visual supports that my students will respond to.  I can create file folder activities such as match the coins to the price on each critter or which fish has the coin that is worth 25 cents?  My students love these type of activities for independent work times.  The iPad mini and touchscreen computer will allow students to play engaging programs or visit websites that deal with money and basic maths concepts.  Finally the snacks will be a fun way for students to learn how to save money and count it up when they want to buy a special treat.  Although my students learn in different ways they are all capable of learning how to count money and given the right incentive they will acquire skills in no time at all. \n\nMy students are hardworking, kind, imaginative and smart. They deserve to have the materials that they need to learn in a different way. I would love to provide them with the unique visual supports and technology that will engage and motivate them to be financially literate and independent when they grow up. 
97:::Our students are some of the brightest in NYC, and they challenge themselves every day both in and out of the classroom. In our school, students not only strive to do well in their full schedule of classes, but many of them also participate in after school clubs and teams, both academic and athletic. \n\nThis trip is for two of our academic teams. In fact, it is for our school's only 2 environmental teams.  \n\nIn the ENVIROTHON competition, the students compete in 5 categories: wildlife, forestry, soils, aquatics and a current issue.  \n\nThe Ocean Bowl is a competition that tests students' knowledge on all things related to marine ecosystems, organisms, research, technology and regulation!\n\nOur school's teams have done well for the past few years we have been competing, but since most members of both teams are seniors, we desperately need to do some training of our rising underclassmen. This field trip will be training for the competitions in the spring! \n\nDuring our afternoon at the aquarium the students will participate in two one-hour long training sessions. In one, the students will focus on the adaptions and structures of the different classes of fish. Students will have the opportunity to complete a fish dissection and look at adaptations across species as we tour the aquarium.  \n\nIn the second activity, the students will complete a training on Coral Reef ecosystems and examine the symbiotic relationship that allows coral to survive, the life cycle of the corals themselves and the relationship of climate change to the issue of coral bleaching that is occurring at reefs around the world. During our tour, we will spend time at the coral tanks learning how to classify the different species of coral. \n\nAfter spending the afternoon at the aquarium, the students will not only be stronger competitors for their respective competitions, but we will also gain a greater appreciation for the aquatic ecosystems that make up 70% of the surface of the planet! 
98:::Do you remember what it was like realizing that you were a little  different from others?  Do you remember what everyone expected from you, even if you couldn't give it?  Do you remember what it took for you to be you?  My students need a chance to learn to be an individual and to be proud of it. \n\nMy junior high students are the pure heart of Oklahoma...smart, funny, and kind, but mostly they are strong, courageous, and fearless. They do what's right and even sacrifice themselves for each other. Most have never left our city, and with the strong family roots we have here, they may never. They are happy and love to learn about new things. They thirst for knowledge and adventure and never give up without a fight. \n\nWith our year long unit of Freedom and Equality, students will read the book "The Giver." We will examine poems such as "Dreams" by Langston Hughes, songs like "Runaway" by Linkin Park and "Another Brick in the Wall" by Pink Floyd, the short story "The Lottery" by Shirley Jackson, and we will even go over a few clips of Star Trek to show how communism works and the Matrix to show how people are blind to the truth.\n\nThis book is the first in a four part series that teaches about social structures, individuality, prejudices, and the cost of freedom.  This book will bring out a strong response by every person who reads it.  It challenges the mind as well as the spirit for the individual and society as a whole.  My hope is that this will challenge them further and make them want to read more on their own, as well as decide to make a difference in our current society. \n\nI want them to be able to process the news and what's going on around them. They need to be able to decide for themselves through many forms of media how this may or may not directly affect them and those they love. They need to know that they can make a difference in their own school, city, state, country, and even the world if they have the courage and faith in themselves to do it. 
99:::My students are eager learners. They are excited each day they enter our classroom to see what is in store for the day. If we had a leveled nonfiction and fiction library, the children would be able to go places far beyond our classroom. Their imaginations would be able to travel! \n\nMy students come from an inner-city background. They are surrounded by poverty, drugs, and violence every day of their lives. Yet they come to school every day eager to learn and excited for new adventures. Our school has about 600 students. It is an adventure each day.  We never know what is in store for us when we enter the building. \n\nThe students are bright, wonderful children who just happen to come from challenged backgrounds. Having said that, my class is a group of children who love to work together. They are a group of children who love to read. They are hungry to see what else is out there in the world. Books allow them to do that. Books allow them to dream. Books open up a world that is new and exciting to explore. \n\nMy students need 4 book sets, 15 Little Beanbag Seats, and 25 subscriptions to the classroom magazine TIME For Kids.\n\nReading opens up the world children. Leveled fiction and non fiction libraries would allow my students to see and get a taste for what is our there. They will give the children a chance to dream. Books will enable my students to see there is more to explore and more adventures to take in the world. We will use the libraries to create book reports, make connections, and write about their experiences. They will be able to partner read on a level that is just right for them. They will be able to select books that interest them and share their thoughts. The books would give the children options of a genre they enjoy and have an interest in. \n\nBooks allow students to dream. Books allow students to go places they can only imagine. What better way to create a love of reading than to have a library that is leveled and full of interesting genres? I want my students to have a love of reading that they will carry with them for a lifetime. I want them to see the world and dream about the places they could go. 
100:::Can a Genetic Trait always show in every generation?" "Why do I have Blue eyes and my parents have Brown and Green Eyes?" The thirsty minds of science students are always exploring and asking thought provoking questions. \n\nWorking in an urban school district limits the supplies that are provided for our school. However, my 160 students are intelligent individuals who are thirsty for knowledge. We are in need of basic supplies in addition to supplies to help supplement their learning material. The students are always enthusiastic in learning new material and are interested in creating projects to reveal their knowledge of science.  \n \n\nMy students are in need of Art Supplies such as Markers, Crayons, Gluesticks, and PosterBoards in order to complete their Critter Family Portrait Project.  The Critter Family Portrait Project will permit students to portray their understanding of Genetics. Students will be able to complete charts depicting how traits are passed down from one generation to the next (Genotype) and the how the traits are revealed through the organism (Phenotype).  This hands on activity will reinforce the study of Genetics, the study of passing genes from one generation to the next.   \n\nWith the Art Supplies, such as Markers, Crayons, Gluesticks, and PosterBoards, students will be able to portray their knowledge of the learning material.  Students will be involved with hands on activities and portray visuals of the academics they are understanding.  Students will further reveal their understanding and comprehension of Science.  
101:::We need to make science fun and exciting for students. The students are facing many challenges but the most difficult is trying to figure out what career choice to make. If we make science enjoyable and interesting, we might be able to get more students interested in pursuing a career in science. \n\nThe students in my classes come from diverse ethnic groups from various economic levels. These students need an exciting science curriculum to help them stay engaged in school and in science classes. By making the class exciting with interesting hands-on activities, we will have a better chance of keeping the students interested in school. \n\nGel Electrophoresis kits will allow students to explore DNA finger printing looking at the different lengths of DNA fragments.  This activity will help students understand the techniques used in Gel Electrophoresis and using enzymes to cut DNA into fragments. These techniques are also used in looking at different types of animals or plants and investigating how much they are related to each other. \n\nMy students need Electrophoresis Apparatus M36 Hexagel, several kits, DNA activity model and other key equipment to explore the structure of DNA and Gel Electrophoresis.\n\nThese supplies will help students learn about the techniques use in Gel Electrophoresis and biotechnology.  Providing the students with a lab-oriented curriculum will help keep students interested in science and school. These materials will not only provide students the ability to learn about Gel Electrophoresis this year but for many years.  They also provide the equipment for many other interesting investigations that use Gel Electrophoresis techniques. 
102:::The more I know... the more I want to know!" That's the motto in our science classroom. Each day we aspire to learn more about and explain the world around us through hands on activities and experimentation. \n\nI teach a group of amazing 6th and 7th graders at a high-need middle school. We live in a rural area where the students are excited to come to school and learn. Our school provides a safe learning environment with highly qualified teachers so every student has the chance to reach for the stars and achieve his/her dreams. \n\nIn science, how do students describe the structure of cells, the refraction of white light into the rainbow, the earth's structure, photosynthesis, the rock cycle, or almost anything for that matter? They use pictures, sketches, graphs, and diagrams. Our classroom has limited resources for supplies and that's why we need your help. \n\nWe need supplies like markers, food coloring, beakers, and materials for heat, light, and sound demonstrations. These supplies will be used throughout the year to complete experiments and document our scientific observations in science journals. Bringing experimentation and art into our science class will allow students to think freely and record observations in more detail than just using a pencil and paper. Students get excited as they do hands-on activities and knowledge is built. \n\nYour help will make it possible for my students to do several experiments related to energy and to create science journals and projects that they will keep with them forever. A color-filled science notebook and unique hands-on projects will inspire both outgoing and quiet students as they have the chance to creatively present scientific information. 
103:::It was Benjamin Franklin who said "Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn."  This quote really reminds me that no matter what I teach, it needs to be hands-on and engaging for the students.  If they are excited to learn, then learning can be fun and lasting. \n\nMy classroom is full of 26 intelligent, sweet, eager to learn students.  My class gets excited about new activities, lessons, and topics.  We are lucky to be at a school that cares, not just about how classrooms are doing, but how each individual student is doing.  It is important to remember that all students learn differently, and that we are teaching in ways that are accessible to all students.  My students have very supportive families, and between them and the assistance they receive at school, they have a great foundation to enter into middle school, high school, college and beyond. \n\nPicture this, a projector screen where all students can come up and write about what we are learning.  No more students sitting at their desk following along with what is being written down or being lectured.  Now the students can come up and write on the board while interacting with websites, worksheets, moving around numbers and words.  No more watching the teacher write out sentences, now they can come up and manipulate everything on the board, so they are contributing to what they are learning.  \n\nA smart board that hooks up to the computer can be bulky and expensive.  With this a Portable Interactive Whiteboard System, we can still utilize the projector, screen and everything in the classroom and make it interactive and accessible to the students.  In addition to being able to write and engage with the whiteboard, we can also save everything we do on the screen and access it at a later time. \n\nWith this new technology, I will be able to make my regular projector into a smart board.  This will help all types of learners such as visual, auditory, and kinesthetic be engaged at once.  With this technology, I will make sure to have each student up at the board engaging and interacting with their learning.  In a time where everyone is using the latest technology, it is important to utilize as much of this as we can so students still get excited and motivated to learn. 
104:::Imagine teaching in three different grades in one day. How on earth do you stay organized? The answer to my problem is a mobile storage cart! \n\nI teach reading interventions to first, second and third graders. The school is a low income, high ESL school. Many different languages are spoken by my various students. Reading interventions are essential for my students to get caught up with their grade level peers. \n\nThe mobile cart I am requesting will provide students with a place to keep their reading materials for each small group session.  We start out each session with revisiting what was read from the day before, the mobile cart  will help the students and I keep our materials organized. Reading interventions provide my students with the extra literacy support that they need. In order to provide these reading interventions, I have to travel around the school working with students in different locations.  Everything I use with my students needs to be able to travel with me to them. \n\nBy donating to this project, you can help an intervention teacher on the go stay neat, and organized, while providing struggling readers with the time and attention they have to have to get to grade level. 
105:::In preparing students to grow into adults, they need to be able to read non-fiction (factual) texts for themselves.  As the year is ending, students are doing more independent work and an additional technology resource would be beneficial in providing more personalized texts to study. \n\nMy school is a title one school.  Unfortunately, much of the technology in my classroom is outdated and ineffective.  My students come from low-income households where many of them do not have computers or Internet access.  Many of my students require extra help because their reading levels are lower than those of the average 7th grader.  Technology is useful for them because if they run into words they do not know, there is a dictionary tool that helps them move forward.  It is also useful because I can provide different students with different assignments based on what their reading level and preferences are. \n\nI am looking for one iPad mini at the moment to trial how students will work in groups with technology in front of them.  Small group instruction is wonderful because it allows me to spend more time with less students.  It also allows me to really help the students who need help.  Unfortunately, the small groups that are completing independent work also need help sometimes.  The iPad would be a good resource for me to upload video and clips to.  It would also be a good resource to place a reading on as there are apps that can help students through a more challenging reading.  Also, it would allow students with the ability to gather information or images when they are working on a project.  Ideally, I would like to request more than one iPad but I want to see how well students work with it. \n\nThis donation will help change the lives of my students because it will allow them to work with technology that is part of our every day lives that they may otherwise not get the opportunity to use.  It will also help students with their comprehension and reading levels and hopefully catch them up to where the expectation is for them to be.   
106:::My students squeal when they receive a letter from me. They use their invented spelling to write back to me, a very important life skill that will foster a life-long love of writing.  \n\nMy students are kind. They have little, but are very thankful for what they do have. My kindergartners enjoy getting out of their desks, so we do the majority of our learning through movement and experiential learning. Our school is a Title I school, and we have a high mobility rate due to extreme poverty in the neighborhood.  \n\nI will use the pencil sharpener everyday to keep my students' pencils sharp and ready to go for each day's work. The paper I asked for will be used to practice not only printing, but exploring how to write for meaning. I strongly encourage writing not only with pencils and paper, but with paint. Therefore, I will use the paint to create art projects where students can use paint brushes to write.  \n\nIt is my hope that these materials will instill a love for writing. I want these materials to provide my students with new and engaging avenues to learn how to write. These materials will allow me to make learning how to write not a chore, but a fun activity. Overall, I believe in the importance of knowing how to write with ease, so that writers can spend their energy on what they are writing, not how they are writing it. My kindergartners will begin to write their future with your help! 
107:::Do fractions make you nervous? Students need to practice math in order to be successful. Practicing operations with fractions using concrete materials affords the students more opportunities to remember what they have learned. \n\nOur school is a Title I school in a district cited by NYS as a focus district. More than half of our students receive free or reduced lunch. My goal is to take the fear out of fractions and teach them the skills they will need to progress in the next grade and be college and career ready. Many of my students come from low-wage earning families with not a lot of academic support at home. They are motivated to learn and need the opportunity to put skills they have learned into real-world practice. I believe that using small-group differentiated instruction I can meet the needs of all of my students. These Lego's will provide several opportunities to practice math in a way they can relate to. Research shows that students that engage in hands-on activities in math, retain the information and build a stronger foundation of the core concepts in math. \n\nMy students will use basic LEGO bricks to further their understanding of mathematical concepts such as arrays and fractions. I am excited about using LEGO pieces to teach a variety of math concepts because I know this will motivate them to succeed. Fractions are a huge part of the Common Core 4th grade curriculum.  I plan to use the blocks to study fractions. We can use the bricks to explore part-whole relationships as well as equivalent fractions. These LEGO bricks can also be used to reteach multiplication and division.  I will also use them for physical science.  The students will use them for a design and construct project. Finally, it will be great to use them to have fun on a rainy day.  I want them to see that math and science can be learned with just about anything. \n\nI am passionate about helping my students succeed. Help me make math more fun for students that struggle and for those that find worksheet and textbook problems boring. Allowing the children to apply the skills they have learned to real life situations will further enrich their learning and reinforce the Common Core State Standards in Math. 
108:::Some of  my students do not yet have much access to technology for learning in this digital age.  You could help provide access to technology for them at school. \n\nI have a classroom of 24 eager and energetic first graders.  They love learning and are especially interested in all things technology.  Our primary school has about 600 students and only 30 iPads to share.  My students beg to use the iPads and cheer when the cart rolls into the room. \n\nWith this iPad mini, my students will be able to use creation apps to collaborate on projects and demonstrate their learning in all our subject areas.  My students will be able to create books digitally for us to share and read together.  My students will be able to take pictures and videos to record and explain all they are learning in first grade. \n\nDonations to this project will improve my classroom by providing my students more access to a technology tool to use for learning.  This iPad mini will change my students' lives for the better by aiding me in creating an engaging and exciting learning environment where a love for learning is instilled in my students. 
109:::We have one quarter of school left, and we need some small additions to our supply cabinet to finish out the school year with a bang! Thank goodness for donors like you! \n\nAs a 99% free and reduced price lunch school, students struggle to make it to school on a daily basis, let alone to come with basic materials each day. I provide the majority of students with their notebooks, pencils, calculators, and any other materials they may need to be successful in 9th grade Algebra. \n\nMy students need highlighters to use in their class notes, Sharpies for projects, dry-erase markers and white board wipes for our classroom instruction, and copy paper for class assignments and homework. \n\nMy students have been learning about inequalities, graphing them on both number lines, and in coordinate planes. Additionally, they are given the extra challenge of having to solve multi-step inequalities for x. Copy paper will allow for the much-needed extra practice, as this topic requires a lot of repetition for full understanding. Additionally, highlighters are essential for them to shade the area that fulfills the inequality in the plane. We additionally use highlighters to highlight important definitions and problems that they must later refer back to in our class notes. \n\nFinally, students will soon be completing a project on inequalities that they will present. Colored Sharpies will help them with the completion of their posters, and make for a great presentation! \n\nKnowing that your kindness has helped provide these supplies helps remind my students that there are more people, than just their teachers, cheering them on and rooting for their academic success! 
110:::A typical day in our classroom involves using primary and secondary resources to gain a better understanding of how history is gleaned from artifacts. \n\nThe students are in a small school that focuses on individualism, while maintaining a small town friendly environment. I would describe the school as small but exceedingly capable of providing a first class learning environment. The class sizes lend to a more focused and supportive classroom.\n \n\nThe students will research various historical artifacts and, with 3D reproduction, will recreate the item to give a more hands on experience into the archaeological process. Students are planning on recreating several different items practical to the course. My students need a 3D printer to gain a more practical and comprehensive look into the field of archaeology. \n\nArcheology can be a dry topic, broken up only with practical applications outdoors. Sadly, our window for going outdoors is limited due to the harsh North Dakota winters. Having access to easily reproducible artifacts will bring the course to the front of the students minds. 
111:::Remember how exhausted you felt after leaving a lecture style class in college? Imagine how tired you would be if you were trying to listen and take notes, but couldn't always understand what your teacher was saying because you have a hearing loss. \n\nI work as a high school Teacher of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing in Wisconsin. My students all use spoken English, but are not always able to hear what their teachers are saying (especially when the class gets noisy). My upper level students are taking AP courses, upper level math courses and science based classes (like Digital Electronics).  \n\nThe problem is that they are not always able to keep up with the notes given in their class.  This smartpen would allow one student to take notes in class; the notes could then be uploaded into the computer and printed for the rest of the class so that they can make sure they didn't miss anything. It will also allow them to review their notes later and listen to the audio of the teacher instructing a second time.  \n\nDonating to fund this smartpen will help my students be a little more independent in their note-taking and study skills. Right now, they aren't always sure when they miss something; being able to go back over the notes taken in class will ensure that they have everything that they need to be successful. I will also be able to upload their notes/audio to my classroom website so that they are able to go through them again when they are at home (or later after class).  
112:::Education would be much more effective if its purpose was to ensure that by the time they leave school every boy and girl should know how much they do not know, and be imbued with a lifelong desire to know it. ~William Haley \n\nThis quote describes my kindergarten students. Everyday they have questions about a variety of things. They have a spark and want that fire fueled by knowledge. My students are in a low socio-economic Title I school. The majority of my students are on free/reduced lunch. I have students with learning disabilities, speech/language deficits, and physical disabilities. The one thing they all have in common is they want to know as much as they can. \n\nThe materials I am requesting are for STEM activities. With these items, my students will be able to explore and learn about a variety of scientific and mathematical concepts. For example, my students will be able to explore with magnets and push and pull as part of cooperative groups. Using the Big Bolt Kit, my students will be able to plan and build an object while practicing fine motor skills and simple machine concepts.  I will be able to supplement my instruction with hands-on activities that will inspire my students to continue to learn.  \n\nThis donation will change my students' lives for the better because the STEM activities and projects will serve as a foundation of science and math. If students can get a love of learning at an early age, they are much more likely to continue their studies as they get older. These students need every opportunity to achieve. Let's start in Kindergarten! 
113:::Do you remember the last time you sang your heart out in the shower, or in the car?  Well, my students deserve the opportunity to share their talents with the world through a performance.  \n\nWe are a 3rd grade class in a low-income community. 98% of our students receive free breakfast and lunch. Our class is comprised of many wonderful students who love to learn and be engaged. We are a class comprised of ESL learners, IEP students, enrichment students, and students who are looking to be successful in all that they do! Our classroom is mostly run off of grants from donors choose and Title III grants. We love to learn and explore all that we can!. \n\nUnfortunately, my school does not have the money to offer music and choir to our students. I want to give my students the chance to show off their talents, as well as give them an opportunity to practice their English through song.  \nThe sheet music will allow students to practice their English while learning how to carry a tune.  Students would practice working as a team to perform the songs chosen from the books that symbolize their cultures.  The final outcome would be our schools first choir and recorder performance, which I would hope to continue for years to come!  \n\nYour donation will give my students the opportunity to learn how to read music, project their voices, keep a tune, and most importantly practice their English.  It will open a world of opportunities for them!  
114:::My classes are fun and engaging. I use a lot of technology in my teaching while my students use technology to demonstrate their understanding. \n\nMy school is full of energy. From the time the kids come in the door to the time they leave, they are learning. The staff at our school has incorporated classroom content into almost every aspect of the student's day. \n\nMy students, in particular, love new things. They are always challenging me to bring in new resources to support our lessons. \n\nMy students will be designing and building hands-on materials to support our class activities. One activity we have done in the past is rocket building. Students would design and construct water-bottle rockets that incorporate aerodynamics, forces, and acceleration. One road block that we run into is the fin designs for their rockets. The students are able to put the designs on paper, but they have a very difficult time making an actual rocket fin. The MakerBot Academy 3d printer would take away the "human-error" factor at the construction phase. \n\nI would love to not only make my classroom more 'hands-on", I want my students to create the hands-on materials. When students can hold their creations and watch them be used, their engagement and "buy-in" is greatly increased.   
115:::When my students come into our class, they know they are walking into a safe place where they can be themselves as they learn and interact with our classroom family. My goal is to  to ignite their fire for learning. \n\nChildren are all unique individuals with diverse needs.  My 18 first graders are no exception!  My students are all unique and all learn differently.  We have an active classroom where children are given the opportunity to move as they work around the classroom throughout the day. \n\nIn this fast paced world of video games and television, children can be over stimulated.   My job as their teacher is to keep them engaged in learning.  As the demands on the students continue to increase, I am always looking for ways to help accommodate their needs.  \n\n\n \n\nWhen children sit for any length of time, they can often lose focus.  The stability balls can give them an outlet for getting rid of their wiggles as well as helping them to stay focused on the lessons and activities.  \n\nThe stability balls will be an alternative form of seating at  student desks and classroom centers.  We alternate between teacher directed lessons and student centers to allow for practice of the skills that are being taught.  As the students work, the stability balls give them an opportunity to move without getting out of their seats and off task.   \n\nOur ultimate goal is to have a stability ball available for each child!  I have seen the difference the stability balls have made in the students ability to sit and learn.  The students notice a difference and they anxiously wait for their turn to have a ball for the day!   
116:::Do you remember being the first one to finish an assignment in class and then have nothing to do but wait for everyone else to catch up? Well, I have students who need to fill that time with constructive, meaningful activities that will enrich their literacy skills and develop a love of reading. \n\nI teach 24 phenomenal, creative, and enthusiastic 1st grade students, in a high need community, who are eager to read and learn and are most interested when they have engaging, age appropriate books to explore. They were accustomed to taking very good care of the books in our classroom library prior to winter break. Over the break, several pipes burst in our classroom due to the "Polar Vortex" and our books as well as many other classroom materials were ruined beyond repair.  \n\nWith a new classroom library, my students will be able to enjoy a cozy spot in the class to snuggle up and read a great book. I will be creating the reading space with child-sized chairs, a fuzzy rug, and a privacy partition. In this special area, my students will experience the pleasure of independent reading.  \n\nMy students realize that our former library is gone. They are disappointed, but excited at the possibility that their library may soon be replenished. YOU remember what it was like...and YOU can make the difference! We all will be forever grateful for your gift that will turn their dream into a reality! 
117:::Every time one of my students reaches a new goal, or accomplishes something they struggled in, we chant "Fantastic!" "Celebrate, celebrate, come on and celebrate" and finally "You did it! You did it!, You did it! Yeah!" My students love to celebrate their successes in reading! \n\nI have 26 kindergarten students and each one is unique in his or her own way. Half of my students speak another language when they come into kindergarten and have a hard time learning how to read. Many of their parents speak another language too and are not always able to assist with reading at home. I try to find new and innovative ways for them to practice reading at school, so they find reading enjoyable. I feel as a teacher that if my students find reading enjoyable and I make it fun and exciting, they will learn how to read because they want to. So far, this has been an extremely successful approach. \n\nThese listening CD's with headphones will allow my students to practice reading in a whole new way. For students who speak another language, fluency is extremely important. They need to hear repeatedly how words should sound and how to pronounce them correctly. Since half of my students do speak another language, this will be very beneficial for them. My students can listen to words on tape, repeat them, and hear themselves reading the words that they repeat. Our listening station is a favorite among my students and I hope to add to its success with this project. \n\nBy supporting my students, you are teaching them that anyone can make a difference. I encourage my students to follow their dreams, no matter how far-fetched they may seem. I want them to know that they can and will learn how to read before leaving kindergarten, even if they did not speak the language when entering kindergarten. This center will not only teach my students how to read, it will also teach them that anything is possible. 
118:::Every afternoon we begin with reading routines and this includes reading centers.  I provide activities for my students that range from pre-school ability to fourth grade reading level.  I am asking for supplies that will meet the needs and excite my lowest level readers. \n\nMany of my students come from financially struggling families.   They do not have extra money or resources at home to provide any extra resources.  It is imperative that I excite them and meet their individual needs at school.   I use literacy stations to meet the needs of all my students and to encourage them to read and learn no matter their level or reading ability. \n \n\nMy students will be using the materials during reading centers.  They will have the opportunity to use the materials independently and in a small group setting.  They will use the letters to practice spelling and reading.  They will use the comprehension station to practice retelling and showing understanding of the story. \n\nMy students love hands on activities and become very excited about learning when they are active.  This project will make a difference because it will provide a way to engage all learners. 
119:::If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity." -John F. Kennedy \n \n\nOur middle school students are engaged diverse learners! They have innate thirst for knowledge and understanding. They love to learn and many seek new knowledge through various different avenues as seen by their interest in the History Channel, Discovery Channel, and other educational programming. Their interest in learning and quest for knowledge are wonderful tools and character traits that really support and add to learning and knowledge base at our school.   \n \n\nMy students need partial cost of admission to a Civil War field trip adventure at Riley's Farm. Students will start the day off with a rousing town meeting in which they must debate the war then decide whether to secede, join the union or stay neutral. All sides will get a chance to argue their point as the students relive the Maryland State Assembly. After voting in the Assembly, they will spend time with Confederate and Union soldiers as they will learn the issues soldiers face. The Civil War will come to life as the students experience activities such as a regiment drill, a visit to the Surgeon's infirmary, and a lesson in 19th century etiquette. Once finished with all the camp posts, students will be given a soldier's ration of lemonade, cornbread, cheese, an apple and dried beef. Finally at the end of the day, all the students will participate in a large mock battle, reenacting the Battle of Malvern Hill. The students will either fight for home and land as a Southerner, or uphold the Union and fight to keep the country together as a Northerner. Given the muskets they are drilled with, all students will be lead into battle by one of the skilled staff of living historians at Riley's Farm Civil War reenactment.\n\nThis trip will provide students with the opportunity to further develop strategies and resources to find answers and encourage them to become lifelong learners. The experience will require students to work those tremendous traits and engage diverse learners which I have seen over the years. The Riley's Farm experience will offer students a great forum to further develop their strengths and goals. \n\nThe field trip will help the students further understand the Civil War and its impact on the soldiers. Moreover, the experience will help the students understand the effect of the war on the country. In addition, it will provide the students the opportunity to further develop strategies and resources to find answers and encourage them to become a lifelong learners. 
120:::My students have made many academic gains this school term.  It has been a challenge for them to make the gains, but they have risen to the occasion.   \n\nMy students make up a very diverse population.  They are children that need a lot of love and attention.  I teach in a school where many of the students are from single parent homes.  Parents have to work a lot, and many of the students are raising themselves.  My students are very eager to learn, and I have planted many seeds of confidence in them to encourage them to reach for greater heights. \n\nMany of my students don't have computers or any other technology in their homes.  Adding these four Chrome tablets to the classroom can spark an interest in whatever we are working on, and it will motivate and inspire them to want to learn  more.  My students can research, and they can download apps that are important to the standards being taught in the classroom. They will learn how to be techno-savvy students in a technological world. \n\nThe donations to this project can improve my classroom because students will be exposed to materials other than the traditional textbooks and workbooks.  We will be using a new reading program next year, and my students can be already ahead of the game by becoming more proficient with the technology tools. 
121:::I currently teach two reading classes.  My students are very motivated when using technology.  I want all of my students to be on a fourth grade or higher comprehension level by the end of this school year.  I need to incorporate more technology into my classroom but lack the materials.   \n\nI currently have 25 students, 12 girls and 13 boys.  They are very inquisitive and really enjoy research projects.  I want them to become more independent but I don't have enough computers in my classroom to accommodate them.  I work at a Title 1 school and have been told that they can only provide me with 3 computers, one of which I have to use.  My students do go to a technology class once a week but it's simply not enough.  I want them to make power points and allow them to teach each other using technology.  Technology is the best way to motivate my students and I want to use it accordingly. \n\nMy students will be using a new laptop to conduct research in order to write essays about ecosystems, slavery, Hispanic Americans, American History, etc....I envision my students making a PowerPoint about the solar system and teaching the class using the PowerPoint.  One of the required standards for my state is that students be able to present.  I also envision them working on comprehension activities in addition to their classwork.  I would like for them to learn basic keyboarding skills.  I want them to write blogs about topics that we are discussing in class.  I want them to learn how to send emails to me about issues that they may be having in class but are to shy to talk about in person. \n\nThis donation will prepare my kids for the 21st century.  We are a technology driven society and I want to ensure that my students are more than prepared to rise to the challenge of the demanding jobs that lie ahead.  My students will be more than qualified to enter into this new age of technology.  Many of my students have parents who don't speak english at home so they can rely on technology to help them when their parents can not. 
122:::There's nothing like using brand new crayons and markers that actually work. Unfortunately my students aren't always afforded that luxury. \n\nI teach music to middle school students in an urban, financially distressed district. Our school runs on a bare bones budget. My students also cannot afford general school supplies. However, even though they are faced with many challenges, they often rise to the top. They make the most of their learning experiences with our limited resources. \n\nI am requesting a class packs of markers, crayons, and colored pencils for my music classroom. I teach 300 students during the course of a week. The markers I have are broken and are drying out. I would like to have a box of new markers for my students to use. The crayons I have are broken and many colors are missing.  There are many projects that we complete throughout the year that require the use of coloring utensils. \n\nWith your support my students will be able to use new markers, crayons and colored pencils to complete projects in music class. All students should have the opportunity to be able to use materials that aren't broken. Thank you for your support! 
123:::I never teach my pupils; I only attempt to provide the conditions in which the can learn." -Albert Einstein \n\nI am a first grade teacher in a rural area in Washington State. Our school has a high migrant population and 100% of our students receive free lunch. My students come from a variety of backgrounds and situations, yet each and every day they come to school with a smile on their face and joy in their hearts.  \n\nIn the past, we have given students with ADHD exercise balls to help them focus.  These balls proved to be effective in allowing them to wiggle around while in class.  The only downside was that that the exercise balls could be squeaky and students could even slide/fall off of them.  Over the last few years, they have come up with safer and more efficient options. \n\nThe stools I am requesting have a convex base that allows movement in all directions. My students will be able to safely sit at their desk while burning off some excess energy. The movement that students will be able to do on these chairs will help create a positive learning environment.  They will be able to focus longer, retain more, and be more likely to succeed in school.  \n\nEvery year, I get a new group of students with a unique set of needs. As a teacher, I have the tools and ability to accommodate to most needs, but one thing I have always struggled to help kids with is hyperactivity. With these stools, students will be able to wiggle all they want while getting their work done and not disrupting the learning of others.  
124:::Our class is a K-3 Special Eduction Class.  Our goal for them is to learn all of the letter names and corresponding sounds by the end of the year.  This carpet would help bring enjoyment to learning in the classroom. \n\nWe are a K-3 Special Education Class with a variety of learning disabilities. A lot of our students need a multi-modality approach. We are a very low socioeconomic school. A lot of our students do not have the extra support to enhance learning outside the classroom.  At this time we do not have the funding to provide extra resources to place in the classroom.  As teachers, items like this are just too big to finance out of pocket.   \n\nWe would like to use the carpet to help students learn to read.  By learning their letters and sounds, they are building the foundation to become lifelong readers/learners.  We would also use the carpet to create games that would allow the students to learn with movement.  Creating a more enjoyable and inviting environment in which to learn.\n \n\nMany of our students do not even know the letters to their names. We can use this carpet to give each student the opportunity for  a multi-modality approach to learning.  This carpet will help all students K-3.  While the younger students are learning the letters in their names, the older ones can work on beginning, middle and ending sounds as well reinforcing other reading skills. 
125:::What better way is there to learn than through hands-on learning? \n\nMy students are kindergartners who get very excited about going on class trips. They particularly love the trips where they are doing something, and who wouldn't? On the trips that we have gone to, when they are doing something to increase their learning, they are talking about it for days to come. They continue to ask questions long after the trip is over. \n\nThe trip that that I am requesting is to Build-A-Bear Workshop. My students will not be just learning about how bears and other stuffed animals are made, but they will also be making one themselves. How much fun is that? I am hoping that it will be as much fun as I hope it will be. My students will be learning step by step the process by which people make stuffed animals, and the best part is that they will get to keep their bears when they are finished. \n\nYou can provide the hands-on learning opportunity for my students by helping to fund this project for my students to visit Build-A-Bear Workshop. They will learn the necessary steps to make a bear and have a bear to keep to remember this experience.  
126:::At the end of the 2nd grade school year, my students need to be able to grapple and interact with a variety of text types. Students also need to have been exposed to a variety of vocabulary. Providing them with high quality texts that are relevant and of interest to them can be challenging. \n\nMy school is a Title I school where over 60% of the student population receives free and reduced lunch. Many students are reading below grade level while contending with English being a second language and/or having a learning disability or other special academic and behavioral needs. The students are eager to learn and highly motivated by extrinsic rewards and recognition provided by participation in things such as reading celebrations and, in second grade, the Magic Bowl (a reading competition centered on the Magic Tree House books). \n\nThe reading materials in this project will be utilized in a variety of ways. Students will use the readers to facilitate understanding of non-fiction text features and comprehension of the text. The readers will be used in conjunction with other classroom texts. Narrative stories will be paired with expository texts in the readers in order to reinforce many comprehension skills, such as comparing and contrasting, questioning, and inferencing. The nature and topics included in the texts will expose the students to a variety of new vocabulary which will in turn increase comprehension of more complex texts consistent with the requirements of the newly adopted Common Core State Standards. \n\nThis project will serve to improve the number and quality of books available in my classroom library. Students will have ready and easy access to quality literature on a daily basis. Students will not have to wait for others to return an already depleted school library book as the books in this project will be read during independent reading time, allowing all students an opportunity to read those highly desirable Magic Bowl books. 
127:::My goal for my students is that they will be able to think, create, problem solve, communicate, and work as productive members of a team.  These are skills that they will need no matter what they do in life, and will need for careers that have not yet been conceived. \n\nWe are a rural school district with approximately 650 students in our high school.  Ninety of these students are involved in our EAST program.  Ten of these students attend a local college where a 3D innovation center has recently opened for college students attending; the students have witnessed some of the abilities of the 3D printer. Two of the students began to look into a rumor they heard about getting a 3D printer for the classroom. They immediately began doing surveys and research for ways to use the printers in the classrooms. The results were staggering in the amount of teaching opportunities available. After they showed me the results of these efforts, we began to further our search into the 3D printers for schools, as well as, inform the administrators of our ideas. \n\nRecently the local college received a 3D printing lab. This intrigued the students who had the opportunity to see the printers in action. They devised a project in concordance with the new EAST Core program in order to benefit the teachers and students of our high school by printing useful objects/materials for the classrooms. After a teacher survey the teachers found numerous ways for the students to benefit from the use of the printer such as topographical maps, book talk icons, molecular models, organ models, art still drawing objects, cross sections, scale models, and blueprints. Doing these types of projects will increase the efficiency of learning within the individual classroom and raise student involvement by using more kinesthetic learning. My students will also learn lessons about economics because they will print community useful objects that can be sold to fund the printer and supplies, while also benefiting the high school and its EAST program.  \n\nThe students conducting this project will learn new software and technology which will likely be implemented into many companies around the world. They will learn about cost and profit margins. Classes will benefit through classroom models for hands on learning: 3D shapes for geometry class rooms to demonstrate how area formulas work and chromosome models to teach genetics. This project will make a difference in the quality of learning within the school benefiting both the teachers and students. 
128:::The Green Thumb Growers Guild"  That's what we named ourselves.  GTGG is an after-school group of fifteen students who scream for joy when we announce things like, "Today is manure day!", or "We're going to recycle 200 milk cartons to use as seed pots."  Whatever activity we do, we grow together. \n\nGreen Thumb Growers are a group of 15 students from 3rd and 4th grade at a public elementary school in the Northern Catskills.  Our students have incredible spirit, energy, and a real desire to learn and grow.  Students in the Green Thumb Growers program meet twice a week.  We've become like a little family, taking care of one another while learning about growing plants and horticulture.  Our school has students from incredibly diverse economic and family backgrounds.  Most of the students in the after-school program are eligible for reduced price or free lunch, and the after-school activities provide them with a snack and a safe and warm place to be together before heading home on the bus. \n\nStudents in the Green Thumb Growers Guild recently created a proposal to the school principal requesting permission to establish a composting program through food waste from the cafeteria.  Students have begun discussing how food will be collected in the cafeteria, prepared a collection bin to use inside the cafeteria by colorfully painting an old plastic garbage can, and have identified the kind of compost bins they would like to use in the garden area behind the school.  Green Thumb Growers Guild members will help educate other students about how food waste can be used productively, and the entire school will learn by seeing their food become the soil that grows more food. \n\nThe compost bins requested for this project will allow students to start a food composting project they have discussed and planned for.  The compost bins in this proposal will also allow us to create an inclusive composting system for our wheelchair bound students who would like to participate and learn about composting. 
129:::My students, specifically a group of 25 young men, are desperately trying to become leaders within their community (the South Bronx) and their school. As a leader in the classroom, I have taken on the responsibility to help develop and hone the skills needed to become great leaders! \n\nThe students I teach are truly talented individuals who have an untapped, limitless supply of potential; however, due to their environment they often do not have the opportunity to unlock their potential to the fullest degree. \n\nMy students have grown up throughout poor, urban neighborhoods located in the South Bronx and must deal with various issues that arise from living in this type of environment. In spite of these severe obstacles, my students have proven time after time how resourceful, prideful and accountable they can be! \n\nOur high school strives to develop college bound students; yet, we do not always have enough time, resources, etc, available to help our students reach heights they otherwise would be able to achieve if they were born and raised in a different zip code.  \n\nI believe, from past experiences, that my students will truly learn from our trip to the movies. We will use a very guided and well planned discussion to help strengthen how the lessons learned from the movie can be used in their every day lives. \n\nFilm often has a powerful affect on people and as I have seen through this type of activity before, my students can take away so many great things from viewing a movie such as "Mandela: A Long Walk to Freedom".  \n\nHelping us go to the movies will afford my students an opportunity they don't often have. Typical leisure activities for most Americans are not reality for my students. I believe it truly positively affects my students to see others reach out and help them. \n\nMy goal is for my students to see how success does not isolate one; giving back and sacrificing for others can truly make a difference in the world! 
130:::Remember the fun of learning when you were allowed to use your hands? First grades love to learn by using manipulatives! \n\nOur school is located in a family oriented neighborhood that has parks and bicycle paths. However, our neighborhood is also one of poverty! My students come from hard-working families that struggle to make ends meet every week! Our school works very hard to have monthly activities that allow families a chance to something together at no cost.  \n\nThe math learning centers will allow the students to have hands-on manipulatives that are aligned to Common Core math standards. First graders learn best when they are able to touch and hold math manipulatives! These centers will allow them a variety of opportunities with each math standard. \n\nYour donation will improve my classroom by providing us with additional resources for Common Core math standards. They children will enjoy the centers when they are able to use manipulatives and well planned center activities. 
131:::Do you remember how difficult it was to sit still in class with those hard plastic chairs?  It was impossible to sit still!  But imagine a classroom where you were sitting on buoyant stability balls where you could work out your fidgets without the teacher getting frustrated.  \n\nWe are a group of 2nd grade students in a country school amid a bunch of orchards.  Our school spans from preschool to 8th grade and has a strong sense of family based on the generations of families who have attended here.  I greatly enjoy watching my students progress through the years and watching them grow.  It is my desire to have an innovative classroom where the students are top priority! \n\nThe stability balls will replace our current hard plastic chairs.  Research shows students are so focused on maintaining their balance that they focus more on lessons and less on moving around in their seats.  Research also supports that slight movements maintain blood flow to the brain and this alternative seating option is optimal for keeping students doing the right amount of movement.\n\nAnother great use for these balls will take place during rainy days when students can't get outside to burn off energy.  During those dreadful days, the class can take place in exercise activities including the stability balls.  These exercises will not only help students find fun in finding a healthy lifestyle; but, they will also help burn energy when kept cooped up. \n\nWith these stability balls, my class will be better behaved and more focused.  As students misuse the alternative seating option, it will be taken away as a choice.  This will help my students monitor their own learning choices and keep them well behaved and on task with focus. 
132:::Making musical experiences is what we do best in my music classroom.  My students come to music with open hearts and minds.   Do you remember the joy music brought to you as a child?  I want my students to experience that same joy!   \n\nMost of my students are at poverty level.  Despite the challenges outside of school, they come to us eager to learn.  My students come to music wanting to experience music to its fullest.  And I can help them achieve that musical experience by adding a soprano xylophone to our instruments. \n\nWe have a bass xylophone and a few altos that I managed to fix.  Having a soprano xylophone would help make our xylophone experience complete!  My students could accompany themselves with ostinati (musical patterns), learn to improvise, and practice steady beat, all with the purchase of just one soprano xylophone!  Imagine the possibilities! \n\nHaving a soprano xylophone will give my students the chance they need to succeed in their young musical lives.  Just think of the good memories and experiences they will create with the right instruments at hand!  The places they'll go! 
133:::My 2nd students call themselves College Scholars.  They all believe they will be going to college.  To help them achieve this goal, my goal is to have most of my students reading on grade level or above by the end of the school year.  My biggest challenge is lack of materials for the children. \n\nMy students are energetic and excited about learning new things. They are developing a life long love for reading.  Unfortunately many of my students do not have access to books at home and their only opportunity to read good literature is at school.  Ninety percent of my children are from low income families.  By providing the students with materials that are interesting to them, they will want to read more. The more they read the better chance they will have to read at grade level or above. Their success is their future. \n\nThese books, scripts and fluency kits will be used during our intervention time as well as guided reading and independent reading.  The children will be given many opportunities to work with their peers on fluency, intonation and comprehension to strive to meet their goals.. \n\nOur classroom library has many different types of books for the students to use.  These sets will give the students opportunities to read and work together using the same materials.  This will also give them opportunities to improve their reading levels. 
134:::My students love to read but we don't have enough books to support their love of reading.  The students beg me for new books!  My students read when we walk in the hallways, when we dismiss at the end of the day, etc.  They LOVE books.   \n\nMy school is located in Spanish Harlem.  We are a Title I school with more than 90% of the children receiving free lunch.  My kids are of African American and Latino descent.  Many of my students are children of parents whose first language is not English.  My students are absolutely delicious.  I love that they have such a deep love of books! \n\nAll of the books I will be ordering will be put in our leveled library.  Here students will be able to choose "just right" books that are on their grade level.  Having students pick books that are on their reading level, not only insures that they are comprehending what they are reading, but it will help them to move to higher reading levels faster. \n\nGrowing up, my mother took me to the library every Friday to choose books for the week to read.  Unfortunately, many of my students don't have the same opportunities and resources that I did as a child.  This age is a formative age and I find it imperative to foster the same love of reading that I have.  It is crucial that my students have quality books at their reading level to choose from. 
135:::Peek into our room and you'll see holes in our walls and dirt and goatheads on the playground, but you'll also see enthusiasm on the teachers' faces.  You'll see tattered books, but you'll also see kids who make the most of their limited resources.  You'll see those who will appreciate your help! \n\nMy students are creative, motivated, and extremely underfunded.  We make the most with what we have, but sometimes, we just need fresh supplies to make things happen.  We are a small, moderate poverty charter school in a rural area outside Boise.  Most of the kids have grown up in our small town and lack exposure to the outside world.  Becoming acquainted with Shakespeare's language will open their eyes to a world beyond their own reading something they would never have access to otherwise. \n\nMy students struggle to interpret complex, unfamiliar text.  I'd like to build their confidence and skill sets by using a fun, quality text to introduce them to iambic pentameter, soliloquy, metaphor, and other Bard-typical writing devices.  By reading the text aloud, they will increase fluency, decoding, and experience some of the fun of playing with language like Shakespeare.  As part of the experience, they will rewrite a favorite joke or funny youtube video in Shakespearean language.  I will supplement their reading, discovering, and creating with excerpts from the movie. \n\nDonations will help make words come alive for these 8th graders.  They will learn to face unfamiliar, difficult tasks head on and take joy from the accomplishment.  They will increase reading comprehension by attacking, relating to, and interacting with a complex text.  They will be better prepared for 9 th grade, when they will read Romeo and Juliet.  They will, frankly, be better prepared to enjoy life through this tangible, liberal arts piece of their education. 
136:::I work in a media center that is in a state of transition. We are working diligently to revamp outdated policies and procedures.  In order to make these changes, we need a wireless scanner to use with an iPad for checking materials out to students, as well as scan their ID for usage data. \n\nI work at a public K12 high school that serves approximately 1800 students in 9-12th grades. We live in a predominately military community, serving students from all walks of life. Our community tends to be a high poverty region, where a good percentage of the students are not capable of providing basic school supplies for themselves. Because of the needs of the students, we strive to provide a full service media center that helps students with any materials they may need to complete schoolwork.  \n\nThis scanner will be used for several different purposes in the media center. One important initiative we have created is mobile media. We take a scanner and a cart full of popular titles to the cafeteria commons once a week to check books out to students who don't have time to visit the media center. This scanner will allow us to seamlessly use the iPad and the catalog system to check books out to students while out and about. \nAnother use for this scanner will be to allow our student worker to assist us with inventory, checking materials out to other students, and helping students sign in and out of the media center. We have a very large media center and mobility is necessary in our attempt to make the media center a 21st century learning environment. \n\nIn the attempt to update and modernize our procedures, we have become very data driven. In order to see what difference our efforts have made, we request that each student sign in and out. Having this scanner for this purpose will allow us to see just how much of a difference we have made. It will also simplify the process of checking books out to students and allow the students to return to class much faster. By creating a seamless process we hope to see an increase in student circulation. 
137:::Every morning students eagerly meet at the band room to practice and learn their craft. However we need quality materials to help these students have the best musical experience possible.  \n\nOur students are excited musicians who have a passion for making great music. They come from various socioeconomic backgrounds but never let anything keep them from enjoying the power of music. Our program is growing each year and these materials will help take the students to the next level. \n\nThe mouthpieces in this project will enable our students to perform on qualIty supplies. These mouthpieces will afford our students the opportunity to create the best possible sound. They will be extremely excited to have these mouthpieces as they prepare for All-State and Honor Band, Festival, and other events. \n\nOur students work extremely hard each day to perfect their musical craft. They will be elated to know that patrons of the arts support their efforts. This project will allow them to enhance their skills by performing on top notch materials. 
138:::We start every morning with a class meeting.  We discuss routines for the day, daily behavior and academic expectations.  In addition, since most of my students have a very challenging home life, I give students a chance to share anything he/she needs to share so they are ready to learn. \n\nI teach in a K-5 under performing title one school in rural North Carolina.  I moved to NC three years ago from Massachusetts.  This is my first experience in a North Carolina public school system and I am amazed everyday by the dramatic difference in standards, expectations, materials and support.  I have recently attended a teaching conference at the Ron Clark Academy.  I returned inspired and determined to make a difference even if I have to do it one classroom at a time.  In order to make this happen, I need instructional materials and lots of support and dedication from those who are also committed to improve the quality of education in our country.  Please help by funding this request for materials.  The students and I are very appreciative of your consideration. \n\nWe have just started our fractions unit.  The students have a very difficult time visualizing this concept.  Unfortunately, we do not have enough manipulatives for our students to use.  Having manipulatives for students to use would make a tremendous difference since many of my students are visual learners.  Concepts are learned much more quickly when students can do hands-on activities in the classroom.  \n\nAdditionally, I have requested leveled texts for our next science unit.  We do not have a current science textbook.  This creates a very challenging problem for classroom teachers, like myself, who desperately search for grade level materials to teach required curricular units. \n\nFunding for the requested materials will not only benefit my students this year, they will benefit my students for many years to come.  Fraction bars will help students understand a critical Common Core unit that is heavily represented on the End of Grade North Carolina State Tests.  Additionally, funding the request for leveled weather related texts will help the students master the required material for our next science unit. 
139:::I want kids to be excited about science and let me know what they really have learned without having to worry about their dyslexia or command of the English language. When they talk about their learning, I know that they really do understand. When they write about their learning, I am not so sure. \n\nMost of my kids come from a lower socio-economic area. Many have no access to a computer or the Internet outside of school. To have them help themselves to technology and the freedom that allows these kids to learn is wonderful to watch. When we assign Power Point Presentations, or Prezi presentations, nothing holds these kids back. I have many students with barriers to learning such as dyslexia or language issues. For others, this iPad will allow them the freedom to write when putting pencil to paper is an awkward task. An iPad will give them the access to many apps that can take away those obstacles and help instill confidence in themselves. My kids continually amaze me with the creative ways they are able to show their learning. This iPad will help level the playing field for the few that I can help with just this one iPad. I wish I could get an iPad for every child in the school. \n\nMy students need  an iPad, case, and keyboard to help them access their curriculum and learning. An iPad will help several of my students that have difficulty writing and spelling. For my dyslexic students, I have a couple of apps that will do an automatic word recognition for them. For my English learners, the iPad will become a valuable tool that will help them by recognizing correct word usage and spelling when they don't know what the word they are looking for really looks like. I need to know what they understand about the science content. While I never downplay the importance of knowing grammar, spelling, and correct syntax, my first mission is to ensure success and build confidence. I have other students who find writing difficult since they have motor skill issues. To be able to turn in a completed assignment without having to put pen to paper would be a huge step for several students. I believe that this technology will help many of my reluctant learners want to be at school and to take an active part in their learning. \n\nI believe that this technology will help many of my reluctant learners want to be at school and to take an active part in their learning. I love to see the look on my kids' faces when they finally "get it". The sense of pride when a student consistently experiences the success that you know they can achieve, but you just needed that 1 thing to get them excited about something, is just priceless. I believe that we can tap into many of these situations shortly after the technology arrives. 
140:::My students begin their day reading grade appropriate novels and books. They have discovered the love of reading and understand that the more they read, the more they learn.  They are eager to read but are limited to the type of books in our classroom library. More diverse books means more reading.  \n\nMy students receive free and reduced price lunch.  Most of my fifth graders come from low income homes and are considered LEP (Limited English Proficient) students.  Most of my LEP students are reading below grade level and are paired up with a bilingual partner for support.   My stronger readers help my struggling students my modeling reading out loud and encouraging my strugglers every step of the way.   My LEP students are eager to read popular books like their bilingual counterpart and I would like to give them this opportunity.  The American Chiller books are great short mystery books that will keep my students captivated with their stories.  The students will be exposed to a new genre and will use their critical thinking skills as they read these mystery books.   \n \n\nMy students need four class sets of American Chiller books.  These are high-interest mystery books and are great to develop independent readers as well as critical thinkers. Students will work on story maps that will enable them to better understand what they are reading. They will be able to create alternate endings to the stories as well as to illustrate and present their story board.   This activity is designed to help the students develop confidence in speaking when they present in front of the class.  They develop presentation skills as well as much needed critical thinking skills that will help them in all aspects of school work.   \n\nFifth grade is a crucial year for students and we can either foster the love of reading and critical thinking or let them fall through the cracks.  \nBy exposing my students to a variety of books, I know that they will become better readers and critical thinkers.   They will gain confidence in their reading abilities and learn to challenge themselves with higher level books.  
141:::The feeling of success is so sweet! The best part of Writer's Workshop is when students get to publish their work! Could you imagine getting to laminate your published work to build your own personal library! \n\nMy students are a wonderful mixture of happy and supportive children who love to learn. Unfortunately, they do not have too many opportunities outside the classroom. The majority of our student population lives in poverty with multiple families under one roof. Their parents are struggling to put food on the table and clothes on their backs. \n\nWe spend 120 minutes a day on literacy. This includes studying word patterns, conventions, reading and writing. The resources we are requesting will be used for our Literacy Block. We will be using the paper to draft our stories. The laminating machine will be used to laminate the students' finished products along with laminating index cards for the word pattern activities. The possibilities are endless! \n\nAnything I can do to encourage, enrich, support and inspire my students I will do! Your donations will help spark creativity in their writing along with motivation to complete and publish a story. I can't wait to share pictures of students' success stories! 
142:::Young minds are inquisitive. High school minds would much rather find out and test the possibilities rather than read or be told the answer. We invite students to test and determine the validity of the content we are learning and the 'laws of nature' around us. \n\nOur school is a public charter that serves as the only high school in our small low income city/suburb. We are culturally diverse with over a third of our population being immigrants from Iraq as the largest subgroup of English language learners.\n\nWe are also an alternative from the larger class sized schools in our district. Nearly half of our students struggled in the larger schools and have come to us for a more personalized education, focusing on character, strong relationships, and academic rigor.\n\nMany observers wonder when on our campus. They are impressed by how clean and quiet the campus is. Our students learn and model respect and integrity in every aspect of the educational experience. We are developing leaders and literate citizens. \n\nThere is currently one set of glassware for both the physical and the life science classes. Even with what we have, our lab groups must be 3 or 4 at a time due to the lack of glassware. We need to expand the number of beakers we have in order to accommodate multiple lab experiences during the same period as well as over night experiments. \n\nWhen 3 or 4 students are working together, typically only two are doing the work and two others are getting distracted. By allowing every student an opportunity to be hands on in our lab exercises we should be able to reignite the inner scientist in all of our students.\n\nAs a science department, we will no longer have to wait on each other to schedule labs, but can plan lessons that match the curriculum for our classes without delay. 
143:::Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela \n\nI have a highly energetic, technology savvy, loving respectful group of diverse 3rd graders. This is my first year as a third grade teacher and I have never enjoyed a group of students so much. They keep me young and knowledgeable of the times of today. These students are always coming to tell me about new apps and games they have came across to promote learning.  \n\nMy students need two iPad minis. Our class will use the iPad minis throughout the entire day. We had the privilege to use one for a week as a trial from our intervention team and the students truly enjoyed every moment of it. Our main use for the devices would be to provide additional instruction during our intervention/enrichment block of the day. This resource will be a learning activity for those students that complete their classwork early. It will give my students an avenue to use their time wisely with something they truly enjoy, however as an educational resource. \n\nDonating to this project will improve the instruction of small group lessons by keeping my students engaged. This will allow us to incorporate modern technology within the classroom setting to provide enrichment and or intervention to meet the needs of my students. 
144:::My students come ready to learn and they want new and different experiences. \n\nMy students are inner city students who are college-bound. Some come from parents who never graduated high school, are the first ever in their family to take challenging math and science classes, and who might be the first to go to college.\n\nMy student want to to do well. They try hard at school and are excited at the challenges that school offers. We are a shelter for some who have to go home to different sets of challenges, yet they manage to come back to school everyday wanting to do well.  \n\nMy students need light bulbs and filters to observe light properties. They will do experiments where they view light and its additive properties.  Seeing different colors of light through lenses helps them to see why colors can change depending on the type of lights.  They will see and understand why the film/theater industry uses lights and filters to provide different effects.   \n\nMany of my students are in school plays and musicals.  The knowledge they can gain will help with the theatrical lighting.  More importantly, they gain a broader insight into how we perceive the world in color. 
145:::My students are excited about learning and truly try their best. They learn through watching and doing, and a document camera would help provide them with an intimate view of lesson demonstrations. \n\nMy students are a diverse group of first graders who are excited about learning and really want to do their best. They come from a variety of cultures and economic situations but in the classroom they come together as one "class family." There are a lot of them (31), which can make it very challenging to give each child the one-on-one or small group instruction they need. At six and seven, they are still learning basic study skills such as collaborating, focusing, working independently, and knowing when to ask for help. \n\nA document camera would provide each of my 31 students with a "front row seat" when I am modeling a new concept or lesson. They would be able to see exactly how I wrote, drew, read, computed or used a manipulative. This intimate view would better enable them to understand the lesson at hand, keep them actively engaged in the lesson and repeat the process when it was their turn to work independently. Also, the document camera would make it possible for the students to model concepts and share their work with the class. \n\nMy students want to learn and they want to understand. A document camera would be a tool I can use to improve my instruction and increase my students' understanding of the concepts and processes they are learning. A document camera would allow them to experience class demonstrations and lessons as if they were each sitting right next to me. 
146:::Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education." -Martin Luther King, Jr. \n\nMy students are eager to learn.  They are amazing little humans who are ready to change the world.  The majority of my school lives in a low-income struggle.  They don't all have the luxuries that you and I may take for granted...including Internet access at the tip of our fingers. \n\nI recently completed my first DonorsChoose project where an iPad mini was fully funded.  I didn't realize that only one iPad mini for 20 students would be a challenge.  There just isn't enough time in the day for each student to rotate through time on the iPad mini.  Even two students trying to share the iPad mini is challenging.  My plan now is to try to get more...one iPad mini at a time.  If I can get at least 4 fully funded (over time of course), every student may be more likely to utilize all of its greatness daily.  As we are successfully doing with our classroom iPad mini we recently were given via DonorsChoose donors, we would continue to utilize handwriting apps, sight word apps, addition fluency apps, and behavior incentive apps...just to name a few.  Imagine how great it would be if even more students had the opportunity to have something exciting to work for behaviorally or have fun learning on each and every day?! \n\nI'm already seeing a difference in improvement in behavior with the one iPad mini with one particular student with intensive behavior needs.  He gets excited when he gets an earned "iPad break" for making responsible choices.  He works a little harder to earn it.  Students who need more practice learning sight words and numerical fluency have enjoyed learning them on the iPad mini. And remember: "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world."-Nelson Mandela 
147:::As the saying goes, you need the right tools for the job. My fifth graders are looking for creative ways to display information that they have learned, but they need the tools to do it right! \n\nI teach in a suburban school that is a part of a pretty large corporation. These students come from government subsidized housing to middle class housing editions. There are 25 students in my room with a wide range of ability levels. They are active ten, eleven, and twelve year old kids that for the most part are kind and work hard. My room is also an inclusive classroom that includes students with special needs. \n\nThe final project for my fifth graders is a History Fair. Each students picks a topic to study in United States History. Students read historical fiction books set during their topics time period, write a research report, and create a tri-board display to tell others about their event in history. Students complete the tri-board in class on their own. Each student will get to use the Cricut Cutting Machine to cut titles, borders, and decorations for their display.They will use the font cartridges and tools to make creative, interesting titles and captions on their boards. Students will also be able to use the Cricut Cutting Machine in other projects throughout the year. \n\nNot only will you be providing a way for students to be creative, but these tools will contribute to their success and confidence. Students will be able to create fantastic eye catching displays to teach others about their topic in history. 
148:::Young children are curious by nature and participating in scientific explorations further fuels their desire to learn. \n\nMy students are 6 - 7 years old and are full of questions. They like to explore their surroundings and learn by being involved in hands-on activities. Learning is a social process in my classroom and my students enjoy working together to solve problems and expanding their skills and knowledge alongside their classmates. \n\nMy students will be able to really explore and observe more efficiently during our scientific explorations while using these digital microscopes. These tools will encourage greater student participation and more interest in learning about the topics and kits we cover in first grade such as Plants and Earth Materials. These microscopes will allow the students to see aspects and attributes of these items that we are unable to see with our own eye strength. \n\nThese digital microscopes will enhance the scientific exploration in our classroom. These three microscopes will be beneficial due to their size and capability to be held by individual students. We can use them with the computers we have in our classroom and can easily move them around as needed. Using these microscopes will provide more authentic experiences in scientific investigations for my students. 
149:::My special needs students learn through play and interactive teaching.  The children have a variety of communication, social, cognitive and emotional challenges which make traditional learning difficult.  Our class provides a fun, creative place for them to learn and thrive. \n\nMy class has 3 half day and 6 full day students with disabilities, which include non-verbal, autistic, downs syndrome, developmentally delayed and other disabilities.  Our goal is to provide educational experiences that promote independence and transition into general education kindergarten. The children all love to play and dressing up allows them to pretend to be a community helper and discover new interests. The children learn vocabulary, cooperation, creativity and life skills.  \n\nOur school district provides families in the community with a Special Education Preschool Program.  These children receive access to early educational interventions that cannot be met in the standard community-based preschool setting.  These children are referred to the school district by professionals in the community who would like to give these children an early start to their education. \n\nThe children will use the dress up costumes to pretend and gain life skills through creative play.  These opportunities provide a positive impact and description of what each community helper does.  The teachers provide modeling for the children on how the community helpers use their tools and assist in the community.  Although there are 9 children in the class, each child will practice social skills and communication by taking turns and sharing the materials.  They will problem solve ways to work together and have fun creating a community in the classroom.   \n\nThese materials will be used on a daily basis to give the children a fun interactive experience.  Special Needs Children need a non-traditional, play-based creative learning experience. 
150:::Students are placed in mixed ability groups where they spend time discovering the ins and outs of mathematics.  Using problem-based learning techniques, students work together to develop new mathematical concepts.  It is wonderful to watch them discover, learn, and grow together and individually. \n\nMy school is located in a rural area in North Carolina.  In the past few years, we have had a middle school population of 200 students. Of these 200 students, 130 were eligible for free and reduced lunch.  Many students have a difficult home life.  They do not get parental support and often have to take care of younger siblings.  This causes them stress both inside and outside of school, which affects their learning and motivation. \n\nStudents use calculators every day.  Sometimes, it is for basic computation skills with integers, fractions, and decimals.  Other times, they use them to graph equations or construct box and whisker plots to analyze given data.  They can use them to make tables and calculate the unit rate of a linear function. There are a large amount of possibilities with this calculator.  However, they require a constant replenishing of AAA batteries due to the daily use of the calculators. \n\nStudents can use the calculators all year if they have the batteries to power them. Calculators are an important piece of technology in today's society. I want my students to see that technology is more than television and cell phones. They have calculators that can help them with problems, even in their careers. They can be used in business, finance, and even construction fields. I want them to realize that they have the power to use this piece of technology and should take advantage of it.  
151:::Students in my class have an ongoing project where they are learning how to use online banking, researching credit, how to buy a car, and how to pay rent. They are excited to learn how to apply what they are learning in real life situations! \n\nThe students in my class are respectful and responsible. They work hard to learn and help each other out. We are a small school with around 71 students. Students are comrades. Students collaborate in groups on a daily basis. They use technology to enhance their daily learning also. Our school is a community, with a small staff who work well together to ensure all students are receiving the best education they can. Many of our students come from low income families who are unable to afford even the basic supplies for their children. By providing students with these materials, they will be able to be more successful in school without burdening their families.   \n\nThese materials will be used to create organized binders for each student to track their daily learning and keep them on track with what they are supposed to do at home. It will be a tool used to communicate with families and for students to communicate with the teacher. In addition, the storage bins will be filled with classroom supplies and stored at each group for students to access as they need them. This will allow for better classroom management. Each student will also have a ruler and protractor, ensuring they are prepared for mathematics each day. \n\nBy providing students with classroom materials, we will relieve the burden on our families, who are very low-income. Organized binders will help students be more successful by holding them accountable for work.  
152:::When I tell friends that my Kindergarten students are writing books, they're always confused. "Writing books?", they say, "Don't they have to learn the alphabet first? Phonics? Grammar skills?" \n\nWell, yes. But without a reason to master such skills, daily phonics lessons are irrelevant to a classroom full of five year-olds. Writing their own books throughout our year-long Writer's Workshop gives my students an opportunity to apply their hard-earned literacy skills in an authentic context. Because students select their own topics, the Writer's Workshop also allows each student to bring his or her personal interests, strengths, and background to their emerging literary practice. In a bilingual classroom with a high population of English Learners, this format encourages students to apply new language skills at a pace that is appropriate to each individual child. My students have written books ranging from personal narrative, "My Trip To Los Angeles," to non-fiction, "How To Plant Seeds," to opinion pieces "Why I Love Animals." \n\nMuch of our inspiration comes from mentor texts: published works that model the very skills we're honing. Stories by renowned authors such as Leo Lionni, Mem Fox, and Alma Flor Ada will provide examples of multi-dimensional characters, who reflect the demographics of my class: children from all ethnic, socioeconomic, and language backgrounds. Through these books, students can learn the basic elements of fiction writing such as character, setting, and plot. Age appropriate non-fiction texts will model strategies for writing clear, well-ordered informational texts. From these books, students can learn writing skills such as sequencing, labeling, and objectivity. \n\nUnfortunately, there are not enough high-quality children's books in our sparse classroom library to support this work. This project will build the foundations of a well-rounded collection that will fascinate, delight, and inspire all the students in my class to push their writing to the next level. 
153:::I teach Social Studies in Camden, NJ and I need my students to know the role women played not only starting a movement but participated in it. \n\nMy students are great children who despite great odds come to school most every day. If you got to know them like I have over the years you would know what special people they are. My students have great senses of humor and make me laugh. They are kind and funny and while they might act tough they are far from that. \n\nThis book is important because it helps my students understand the role of women in the Civil Rights Movement. We will read it as a class and students will be able to take it home so that we might get through this most important story in a timely manner. \n\nStudents don't read a much as they should and as a consequence they are unprepared for college. I want my students to know and understand the importance of reading for content and not just skimming as so many students do today. 
154:::Have you ever had to do something hard and it was too noisy for you to concentrate? This is something some of my students are facing during work and reading time.\n\nMy class has 22 of the most amazing students! They have shown me how much they want to learn and to discover the world. I have students who receive free or reduced-price lunch, students who speak English as a second language, and students who are considered advanced learners. They love to be kids, and I'm in no hurry to turn them into little adults. \n\nI am requesting 6 Hush Buddy hearing protectors to be used by students when their classmates get too noisy for them while they're working. In my class, I encourage my students to ask a classmate if they don't understand how to do something. While this is a wonderful strategy to help students learn, it is also the cause of a lot of extra noise in our classroom.\n\nThe Hush Buddies will not only help students who need a quiet environment to work, but they will help students who struggle to pay attention to their work when neighbors are talking. The child with attention difficulties can put them on and they can help remind their neighbors to not talk to them while they're working.\n\nI am also requesting picture book bins in several colors so we can complete putting our books into reading levels. This will help my students be able to find the books that are just right for them. Each bin is a different color so that students will have that extra reminder of where their books need to go.\n\nA first grade classroom is never completely quiet and that's OK. With these Hush Buddies, students who need it to be quieter will be able to continue to work at their desk with the supplies they need. They will block the noise and allow them to focus. \n\nThe book bins will provide a way for students to find the right level book and to know where it needs to be put away. When students are reading the right books, they can enjoy reading while learning to become better readers.
155:::My students are enthusiastic about learning - especially when technology is incorporated! \n\nOur school strives to reach every student, every day. We realize that in order to achieve this goal we must wear many hats, be fair and consistent, and address various learning styles daily. Our students are goal oriented and wish to be successful in school. In addition, they have a hunger for the use of technology!  \n\nStudents in my classroom will be able to address many needs in every subject with the iPads that I have requested. They will be engaged in technology while practicing skills such as handwriting, basic math facts, reading fluency, comprehension, science, and a plethora of other skills that are necessary for success in second grade. \n\nI feel that donations to help fulfill this need for technology will provide my students with an opportunity to reach goals that have been set for them through data collected from assessments such as MAP, STAR, and DIBELs. 
156:::Save our Planet!" My students hear about the need for a "greener" planet, but many of them have no idea what that means. By building Environmental Project Scenes, they will develop just such an awareness. \n\nMy students are the 6th graders in a 4th, 5th, and 6th grade building. Our school is located in a high poverty, rural community. My students take the role of being the oldest in our school - the role models - very seriously. I would love for them to be able to be a wonderful example to our 4th and 5th grade students on how to be responsible stewards of our planet. \n\nMy students will use these Lego kits, as well as Legos we currently have, to construct different scenes. These scenes will show environmental problems as well as solutions to those problems. These scenes will then be presented to the class. I want my students to treat our planet with respect, and although this may not mean recycling everything we touch or going 'off the grid,' it does mean doing what we can to use our resources wisely. These scenes will go a long way in raising my students' awareness of environmental problems as well as possible solutions. \n\nPlease help our class learn about their environment. We feel it is our responsibility to take care of our planet. These supplies will help us learn better how to do just that. Thank you in advance for your support! 
157:::My educational philosophy is that every child deserves a quality education, regardless of where he or she grows up. I work in a school in the poorest Congressional district in the country and every year the budget keeps getting tighter. I teach 8th grade English-Language Arts. \n\nI teach English as a Second Language (ESL) students. While they are bright and eager to learn, they often struggle with basic skills. Many of my students are voracious readers, but few of them have books in their homes. They are able to read the books in our classroom library; however, we run out of the books quickly! Many students have read nearly all of the books I currently have. \n\nAdding new books to our classroom library would greatly invigorate my students and their love for reading. Reading gives them a window on new worlds and increases their knowledge base. It also is an enjoyable activity they love doing. They would love to get new books to add to our collection. We read every day after lunch for 25 minutes, they read independently at different points during the day, and they are supposed to read at least 25 minutes for homework. These books will get read and put on requested lists as soon as they arrive in our classroom library!\n \n\nWith your help, we can restock our classroom library, thereby allowing my students to read new books and enabling me to foster their love of learning. With your generous donation, my students will be given a chance to continue to flourish even amid difficult circumstances. Thank you from all of us.  
158:::My fourth grade students struggle significantly in reading. They need intense intervention in order to meet the demands of our new curriculum. Often our students are discouraged because the reading material that is available at their reading level is not interesting to them. Creating a library of high interest fiction and nonfiction books at their reading level will help foster a love for reading and encourage students to persevere through their reading challenges.  \n\nWe are an urban district and we have over 90% of our students on free and reduced lunch. Many students begin school with no prior education at all. Our kindergarten students are already behind when they walk in the door on their first day. We also have students who move in and out of our school frequently. Our student population grew by 100 students just last school year. Despite the disadvantages many of my students face, they are genuinely great kids. These kids just need extra time and attention to help them make the academic gains necessary to be successful. The most important and enjoyable part of my job is intervening with students. Getting to know each student and what motivates them is especially important. Through my interactions with students, I have found that when they are genuinely interested in something, they will work much harder to achieve their academic goals.  \n\nThis classroom library of fiction and nonfiction books is an amazing resource to use with students. My students are in a situation where they often feel like they can't learn and have a fear of trying because they do not want to fail. Providing them with interesting material that is at their reading level will help them to feel more confident in their reading skills and experience success in the classroom. If these students can develop more positive feelings towards reading by developing the basic skills they need to be successful, it will undoubtedly change their lives. Reading is a skill that is needed in all areas of education and all areas of life. I want my students to approach new situations with all the skills and confidence necessary to be successful.  I believe the first step is to help each them grow so that they are reading at a fourth grade level or beyond during the school year. With some of my students reading at a first grade level, this library of books is a priority.  \n\nI work with amazing students! They need intense intervention in order to gain the basic skills needed to be successful both in elementary school and beyond. This classroom library will have a significant impact on students' motivation and desire to gain the skills they need to be successful. My students go through a lot in their home lives and I want school to be a place where they can see how much potential they have and they can believe in themselves. 
159:::I teach a wonderful group of 24 first graders that love reading. They just need a place to read their books! \n\nI teach first graders in a Title 1 school. Many of our students are socio-economically disadvantaged and many are English Language Learners. My students have developed a true passion for reading. They are devouring books.....it is absolutely wonderful to see! \n\nMy students have the motivation to read...now all they need is a quiet place to do so. I am requesting three bean bag chairs to put in our library area. It would mean the world to my kids to have a quiet place where they could take their "just right" book and go and read independently.  \n\nThink of your favorite place to enjoy a good book...is it in grocery store? In a train station? Probably not! For most of us, our favorite places to read are somewhere comfortable where we can sit back, relax and dive into our book. First grade classrooms can be very busy places! Having a quiet place to sit and enjoy a good book is key. Please help me give my students a place to call their own while reading! 
160:::My students love working on the computers. Our new reading series is based on the students on reading level plus their reading interest. The reading series has been effective to increase students' reading level at least by half a year. I hope to have all students on grade level by year end. \n\nMy class consists of regular education and special education students. Most of my students are on free and reduced lunch. The majority of my students are below grade level. I have 1 student that is Hispanic, 4 African American, 20 Caucasian students.  \n\nThe school is a Title I school. Most of the students do not have computers or Internet in the homes. The use of the new reading series that our district is adopting will not benefit our students because they will not be able to access the reading series at home. iPads will give more students in the classroom access to the reading series. \n\nIn my classroom I am using the Daily 5. During the Daily 5, students will have time to read to themselves and others. The iPads will be used during this time to help students practice reading to themselves and others. Students will also be able to use the iPads to help with different games in reading, writing, and math skills, too. Students will be able to use the iPads during other times in the school day. 
161:::Miss, can I borrow a pencil?" "Miss, do you have any paper?" Without fail, these are the two most frequently asked questions in my speech and language therapy classroom. \n\nAt my high-needs school in Manhattan, the majority of students qualify for the free lunch program. This means that many students are unable to obtain even the most basic of school supplies, such as a pens, pencils, and paper. My students are a bright, enthusiastic group of individuals who genuinely enjoy learning. It frustrates and saddens me that they often go without their much needed school supplies. \n\nI'm a speech and language therapist in this high need high school.  Often times students come to me for assistance on class projects and assignments. They do not have the basic school supplies to complete these projects.  My students will use these materials to complete school assignments, projects, as well as activities that I assign to them to enhance their language skills.  They will prosper in their academics with these basic tools. \n\nWithout these basic tools, students are not able to grow as thinkers and adequately achieve in their academics.  With your help, students will be able to access materials that will allow them to have the quality education they deserve. 
162:::Every morning we have small guided reading groups, literature circles, independent reading time and literacy centers! A lot of reading going on for sure!!!! Our classroom library is growing, but it would be nice to add some chilling books to the books we have.  \n\nThe school I teach at is in a small farming community where the economic situations are not as we hope they could be. Every student qualifies for free lunch in our Title 1 district. With the struggles my students may have at home, each one comes to school on a regular basis eager to learn! My students do not have access to books except for the ones in my classroom. They check these books out to read at home each night, over the weekend, and over breaks. They want to read as much as they possibly can, whether it be a biography, mystery, informational, novel, historical fiction, or a picture book. \nMy students enjoy participating in Literature Circles discussing what they are reading, small group where we discuss specific concepts of their reading, and the independent reading time where they get to choose a book of their choice within their reading levels. \nMy students have a smile everyday, all day!!! They enjoy school and continue to strive to be the best they can be! \n\nWith these American Chiller books, it will add one more choice of books for my students to choose from. When a student can dive into a book and become the character in the book, they learn to love reading! When a student loves to read, they will read even more!! The more you read, the more you learn, whether it be about history, new vocabulary, or different places around the world, they are still learning something new, all by simply opening a book of different genres. With the love of reading comes better reading skills including comprehension and fluency! \nWith these books my students will be introduced to a new type of book than what we have in our classroom library at this time. Having a variety of books for them to choose from will allow each student to find the book they want to read, which will keep their interest!  \n\nThis collection of American Chiller books will add to our classroom library! A child should be exposed to all types of writing styles! When a child has a variety of books to choose from, they are more apt to be open to trying something new! When books keep children intrigued, they read more! which in turn helps increase their comprehension and fluency levels. 
163:::On a typical day in our kindergarten room, students are called to their "floor seats" many times throughout the day. The only problem? We have no carpet to delineate where these seats are! Students often disagree over spots or "spill" over into others' spots. We need a comfy way to learn from the floor.  \n\nOur school resides on a sleepy little island off the East coast. While our school is in small town America, as a charter our students come from all over the surrounding county and come from all backgrounds. We are a happy mixture of islanders soaking up the sun and city-dwellers escaping to the islands for innovative and inclusive education.  \n\nWe will use this carpet during whole group instruction and sharing time. By using the individual seating squares on the carpet, students will be able to have their own space and better focus on the task at hand. The learning possibilities are endless. From the carpet, students will share items for alphabet show and tell to better learn about real world items represented by each letter. \nWhile guest speakers visit for our project-based learning, students will sit on their spot on the rug to learn about a wide variety of topics. Students will be able to comfortably sit on the floor thanks to this rug while hearing stories about everything from holidays around the world to cats that visit kids on rainy days. This carpet is a basic necessity that our class greatly needs. \n\nThink back to your Kindergarten experience. Picture in your head your child's Kindergarten classroom. A carpet is a major fixture of every Kindergarten. This is where show and tell happens. While sitting on the carpet, stories are brought to life and children learn about the wonder of books. From the carpet you make memories of new friendships, singing songs and learning about the whole new world around you. This carpet will help better organize our classroom and maximize these experiences. 
164:::Have you ever heard students asking to learn or to do more work?  I have! Technology has become a necessity in my classroom as it  provides reinforcement and learning in one!  I am gaining more students but have too few iPads!   \n \n\nMy classroom is made up of special education students in kindergarten, first, and second grade.  Each student has an individual plan and unique needs.  Recently, I have had more students qualify for reading, math, and behavior services.  \n\nOur school is in a rural community.  Most of my students are from homes which cannot afford technology. With specific disabilities, repeated review and reinforcement of concepts need to be practiced in various ways to be mastered. IPads provide extra practice and apps give immediate feedback. Next fall, I will add some smaller students who may be able to handle the iPad mini tablet more easily than the regular size IPad. \n \n\nI want to provide an iPad mini for my students to use.  (My classroom has one regular sized tablet already.)  I also need a protective case so it can be handled by children who have fine motor difficulties.  One student is in a wheelchair is quite small in stature.  \n\nBecause many academic skills are very difficult for my students to master, additional practice is necessary.  With each student being on their own learning levels, I need to provide many different lessons and strategies to meet their needs. My students love to work on Reading and Math apps on iPads and are willing to work longer and harder just to have an opportunity to do learning apps.  My smaller students will enjoy having the use of a smaller tablet as their fine motor skills are delayed.  \n\n \n\nHaving a small iPad will enable more students to use technology to learn in my classroom.  Most of my students do not have iPads available to them at home.  Being able to access technology will help them become skilled employees in the future.  
165:::At break, students are walking around the quad, talking about their friends and teachers, and telling goofy jokes. They come into class, wipe the Hot Cheetos dust off their fingers and get out their reading logs and books. This may be their only time to snuggle up with a good story this week. \n\nMy students are highly intelligent and talented youth who face significant life challenges with a smile. I've taught in private schools and it's abundantly clear to me that the only differences between my current group at a high poverty public school and those from wealthier families is circumstance. My students are resourceful, gracious and good at sharing, full of laughter, creative, and excited to learn about the world outside of our town. About 80% of my students receive free/reduced lunch, many students are the children of migrant laborers. Most speak Spanish at home and English at school, which adds challenge and richness to their education. They have high ambitions and want to go to university.  \n\nMy students love to read. Many of them see reading as the best time to escape the drama and challenges of their adolescent lives in a turbulent, working class community. Reading provides a time and space where my students say they can learn about real life, indulge their curiosities and jump into a whole other world for a while.\n\nMy 7th and 8th grade students have specifically requested high level popular fiction. There is literally one small bookstore in town and many parents don't get a chance to get there to buy their children's favorite books. At school we try to bridge that gap.\n\nWe need compelling fiction and non-fiction that is high interest and relevant to my students' lives. Students have requested these titles.  \n\nWhen a boy wears the same polo shirt with a missing button every day tells you he wants some new reading material, or when kids are literally racing to the library to get the last copy of a bestseller...we step up, right?\n\nWhen a foster child who has lost his mom wants to read other foster children's stories, we pick up a title or two for him, right? 
166:::As a student, I was always a visual learner or learned better if I did something hands-on. I know and believe that when you experience something fun and exciting like going to the zoo, it's a memory that you will have for a lifetime. This is what I would like for my second grade students!\n\nHello. My name is Ms. Hall, and this is my first year as a second grade teacher at an inner city school in Detroit, Michigan. Our school is a Title I building with 83% of our students receiving free or reduced price lunch. This means that many of the students are from low income families and are considered at-risk. Due to these circumstances, they don't have the opportunity to enjoy extra curricular activities, especially fun field trips. \n\nMy students need funding in order to go to the zoo! With your help, my students will be able to experience first-hand how animals act, what they look like, and what they smell like, and they will be able to make connections between what they have learned in our text books and what they have experienced at the zoo! \n\nAs an adult, I'm sure you can remember your first class trip and how you felt to ride the bus with your class and how excited you were to do something outside of the classroom. This is what I can do with your help. You will be helping my students make memories that they will never forget!  
167:::Technology has really brought the students' reading to life.  Using tablets and Kindles is the reading equipment of the 21st century. \n\nMy students are really inspiring to me.  They come to school and live their lives against some of the worst hardships.  Most live in low income housing and cannot afford simple things most of us take for granted as adults.  They don't have the resources to have computers, tablets, or Kindles.  Their eyes light up in wonder whenever we have new technology in the classroom. \n\nMy students will use the five Kindle Fires mostly for reading during our reading time.  I can easily upload hundreds or thousands of selections right off the public library website.  This basically will make my library of books endless.  I will never hear another student say they can't find a good book to read.  Kindles are also able to download apps that can be used to play learning games for review. \n\nPlease help bring my students the 21st century tools they need to learn and read.  These five Kindles will become a key tool in my classroom not just for one year, but for many years to come.   
168:::A typical day in my 2nd grade class is exciting and engaging.  My students are actively involved in learning.  They are eager to learn and strive to do their best.  I am striving to mold life-long learners and readers.  I believe everyone can learn and will learn if given the opportunity. \n\nI teach 2nd grade at a Title 1 school in North Carolina where more than 50% of our students receive free or reduced lunch.  The parents in my classroom are supportive and appreciative of what I do for their child.  My students are very special to me and I have had the privilege to loop this year with them - so this gives us a second year together.  We have a very special bond, kind of like a family.  They are all kind, caring, and very generous.  They are hard workers who strive to do well and make me happy.  They love books and enjoy being read to.  They like checking out books from our classroom library as well as the school library.  My students enjoy reading books and sharing their books with each other.  My goal is for my students to continue to grow strong in their friendship and continue to have a strong desire to be better readers and life long learners.  \n\nThese 15 chair pockets will make my students very happy since right now they don't have a HOME for their individual books.  We have tried Ziploc bags and cheap canvas bags, which wear thin and get holes in them.  My students love reading and they are handling their books a lot, so they need something strong and durable to hold their books when they are not being read.  These chair pockets are made of denim and would last me years.  I would be able to continue to use them year after year.  My students read many times throughout the day either individually or with a partner.  I know they would appreciate a safe place to keep their books.  With these chair pockets, my students would always have a quick access to books at their finger tip.   \n\nThe donation of these chair pockets would provide a safe place for our books when they are not being read.  It would help to protect our books over time.  These pockets would also provide a quick access for my students to their books - right there on the back of their chair.  My students have their own desk, their own supplies, and these chair pockets would provide a HOME for their own books.   
169:::Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn. -Ben Franklin\nThe math curriculum is ongoing and built upon basic concepts. In order to meet our goals, we must have hands on reviews using Calendar Math daily. Each day, this would provide students the repetition needed \n\nOur students face many great challenges and difficulties that many people don't see in their lifetime. We come from a Title 1 school in an urban area outside of Atlanta where poverty, homelessness, and lack of resources is not uncommon. Most students are below grade level but strive for excellence every day. \n\nAlthough we face many obstacles, our school works to improve the lives of our students academically and emotionally. Even basic resources such as Calendar Math can help make drastic improvements in our students learning. With a high ESOL population (English as a second language), hands on manipulatives and repetition help our students close the learning gap and gain a true understanding of the content. \n\nCalendar Math programs review and teach many different standards in a short period of time. Calendar Math includes the following concepts:\n- Time\n- Days\n- Place Value\n- Money\n- Graphing\n- Number Sense\n- Patterns\n-Etc.\n\nBy simply looking at the date, our students will be able to make addition and subtraction problems, learn even and odd, find the place value, and much more. Students use manipulatives, write on boards, fill in graphs, and eventually self direct themselves through the process each day. \n\nCalendar Math is a basic need which our students are currently lacking. All of the standards that the students learn during Calendar are necessary in their everyday lives. As we develop citizens, it is imperative that we decrease the learning gap and ensure that our students are ready for the real world. 
170:::My students participate in intense guided reading at their reading level six times a week. I want my students to leave second grade on grade level. Right now their comprehension is keeping their reading level from increasing. \n\nMy students are second graders who are reading below grade level at either a middle first grade or beginning second grade level. They have the desire to want to read at the same level as the students in their classroom. They work extremely hard with me during the guided reading sessions to reach the goal of ending second grade at a second grade level.  \n\nMy students will use the reading comprehension activities four times a week during small groups. While I am reading leveled text with other students, they will independently complete these activities to boost their reading comprehension strategies. From these activities, my students will learn how to read to gain meaning. They will learn to summarize texts, distinguish the main idea from key details. These skills will help them to read on grade level. \n\nThe reading comprehension activities will ensure my students are purposefully working toward their reading goals when they are working independently in centers. The students will have aesthetically appealing activities to motivate them to improve their comprehension strategies.  
171:::My students love to read! I try to give them as much opportunity as possible to partner read, read quietly, and listen to stories. It is exciting to know that through improved reading skills, they will also become better writers.  \n\nMy fourth graders are wonderful students! They are kind to each other, always looking out for one another. They love to read and be read to, which is such a joy to see. We are in our second year as a charter school, working to improve every day. Our students start every day by reciting our school creed. They have a great deal of school pride! \n\nAdding novels such as Frindle and Charlotte's Web to our classroom library will allow the students to read independently, with a partner, or as a whole class enjoying the same book. Kids love to listen to stories using the listening center. They can follow along, improving their listening skills. It is also great for them to hear the narrator's voice telling the story. They can listen to the words, hearing expression and fluency as they enjoy the story. \n\nDonations for this project will help our classroom immensely! The students will have access to great classroom novels and literacy games that are both fun and educational. I hope to create a life-long love of reading by exposing them to different genres and showing them that reading is knowledge and knowledge is power!!  
172:::My third grade students have been working hard all year long to master the science standards for our state. We've been reading books, watching video clips, and going online to investigate the world. Imagine how much more knowledge they could gain seeing science first hand at a science museum. \n\nStudents in my 3rd grade classroom are kind, caring, and doing the best they can with a bad situation. With a district cutting budgets to help with a deficit, supplies are scarce and extracurricular trips are up to the classrooms to fund. We have had to get creative with our teaching to ensure the students get the best education possible. Although the situation may seem dim, the students have shinning attitudes and are working hard to excel. \n\nBeing able to let students interact with hands-on science exhibits and models is a dream for any teacher and such a valuable (and fun!) learning experience for students. Carnegie Science Center is an excellent place for this to happen. With two multi-level buildings full of kid-friendly science exhibits, my students will be engaged for hours! \n\nA trip to Pittsburgh's Carnegie Science Center would be the experience of a lifetime for many of my students. Your donation would allow me to take my students on an exciting journey that otherwise would not be possible. 
173:::Our elementary school has just become a "STEAM" school. Art has always been a "STEAM" area because it includes science, math, engineering and technology. Art is a varied subject because it can provide many interdisciplinary connections across the board. It enriches the lives of those who enjoy it. \n\nMy students are elementary art students who love to express themselves using art media of any sort. Our school is Title One and in a very impoverished area of a large city. The parents are new to our country and very eager for their children to get a good education. My students love art and are very creative and resourceful. They are new at learning creative thinking skills. I consider brainstorming very important in this process. This helps expand their imagination for subject matter, forms and designs. The third graders now have to take a reading test for art. It is important to develop their art literacy in ways we have not used in the past. Having an encouraging art environment is one part of the process. Having sufficient art tables in the art room for all of our students is also very important and very basic. \n\nOur classroom was recently moved into a trailer. It is rather small and our six foot long tables barely give us enough room for 30 students. Recently one table broke and has not been replaced by our school. It is difficult to squeeze that many students into five tables with enough room for our art work. Instead of drawing on 12" by 18" paper, we now have to draw on smaller paper. A new table will help my students have a bit larger space for creating. \n\nHaving a new table replacement in our art room will get our seating arrangements back to status quo. Without the table, the students are squished and art work has to be smaller. This table will help my students draw as best they can without being hampered by lack of room. Please consider our project for a new table. 
174:::It takes a village to raise a child. It also takes a village to educate a child in the twenty-first century. Do you remember the first time you had your very own book to read? What a feeling! My students need to have that feeling at school. Many of my students have not discovered that reading can take you places. \n\nMy students are a great bunch of energetic fourth graders who attend a Title 1 school in Ferguson, Missouri. Our community is still recovering from tornadoes that struck in April of 2011 and May of 2013!  My students had to be relocated for four weeks when the school suffered severe water damage due to pipes bursting right outside our classroom door. \n\nMore than 89% of the student body qualifies for free and reduced priced lunch. Therefore, families are not spending monies to purchase books. Two of my students are English Language Learners.  There are many factors that my struggling students face, however, they enjoy reading. \n\nI have requested the novels Little House in the Big Woods, Sarah Plain and Tall, and several copies of My First Little Book series to do a comparison study of Pioneer Life. I also picked these books because they are high interest and vary in reading level. Now everyone from my lowest reader to my highest can read a different book on the same topic and still complete assignments on this topic of study such as book report, comprehension test ,planning a meal based on items eaten in the books, summarizing each chapter or book, making bottle people of the main characters, and designing a diorama of their favorite part of the book. \n\nWe will use the books in a literature circle daily. The students will learn new vocabulary words, improve their word recognition, increase their fluency, and find out how a child their aged lived in the plains as a pioneer child in the 1800's. They will also be able to take Accelerated Reader tests on the computer over all the books requested. My desire is to create life long readers. \n\nDonations will help my students become better readers and increase their earning potential as adults. Their love of reading will increase and they will understand the importance of helping someone in need. These books will also allow them to go back in time and see how others their age lived. Mainly, the books will allow each of my students to enjoy books at their reading level. 
175:::Each morning students begin their day by reading. A classroom monitor sets up the desktops for center time during reading and math. We sit at the carpet and I read a story to them that involves rhyming words to elicit participation. My students enjoy active learning, socializing and working together. \n\nI have 20 First Grade students who are of different academic abilities, including a recent transfer from a new country.  They are social with one another and very supportive. They try their very best to learn their content, however at their age (6-7) talking is very important. I often see them helping each other with work and applauding their classmates for their efforts.  Using games to help them learn and make connections will make learning more meaningful to them and teach them social skills like taking turns and cooperating with one another.  If they can play as they learn, then their academic gains can grow exponentially.\n\nThe school is a Title One K-8 public school which means there are many students who are on free and reduced lunch.  Student success is at the very heart of what we are trying to achieve.  Funding has allowed us to invest money in academic after school camps for our most struggling group of students as well as those who are at the cusp of passing state exam \n\nMy students need games for reading and math to learn content as well as a tablet with accessories, to listen to stories and play academic games that can enhance learning.  With the materials I requested, Center time will be much more interactive.  Students can play games that will enhance their learning in both Reading and Math.  Students can pair up with one another to use the reading center folders to practice reading comprehension and phonics.  During Math, the students can practice their fundamental skills of adding and subtracting, telling time, knowing their shapes, etc. with their classmates.  \n\nThe notebooks would be used for writing and reading responses to stories read with partners and small groups.  The guide lines will help them regulate letter size. \n\nThe tablet will serve as a starter tool to listen to stories and play learning games that can be downloaded and kept in one central location, instead of worrying about equipment breaking or CDs that can get scratched and become useless.  My ultimate goal would be to get additional tablets to create a learning center that is web based. \n\nMy students are always excited about opportunities to work with their classmates and by having these center resources, my students will be able to interact with each other and learn from one another.  \n\nAs the teacher I will be able to provide more choices for my students to work independently, while I work with small groups of children simultaneously.  High interest games and activities will keep my students engaged in their learning. 
176:::Since the beginning of time, children have not liked to study. They would much rather play, and if you have their interests at heart, you will let them learn while they play; they will find that what they have mastered is child's play." ~Carl Orff \n\nI teach general music in a high poverty, inner city, K-6 public school in Indiana. Our school has 600 students who love the arts! I see each class twice a week. My kids are curious, enthusiastic, hard-working, and respectful. They come to music willing to sing a new song, learn a folk dance, play a rhythm instrument, write a rap, work on a composer project, play the drums, or use the jump bands!\n\nMy students know that I have an open-door policy in my room! If I don't have a class, they are always welcome to come hang out! Usually this means that they are working on choreography, practicing a song, playing the bells, recopying their DonorsChoose thank you letter, or just letting me know how their day is going! \n\nThe Orff Method teaches children about music in a way which they will understand! It involves songs, chants, dances, drama, movement, and the playing of percussion instruments!\n\nThanks to DonorsChoose.org we have the beginning of our Orff Ensemble with two alto xylophones, two soprano xylophones, and a bass xylophone. We recently received three stands for the larger instruments! The stands I am requesting are for the soprano xylophones. They will make it easier for students to wheel the instruments from place to place. More importantly, the height can be adjusted for optimal playing position. These sturdy stands will be used for many years to come! \n\nMy students deserve every opportunity to explore and create in music. They can learn the elements of music and become budding composers and performers! To go on these new adventures, my students need more instrument stands. Thank you so much for considering this project and for supporting my incredible students! All Aboard! Next stop: Orff Instrument Stands! 
177:::I couldn't do the homework because I don't have a computer at home."  "We only have one computer and my whole family shares it."  Students are often expected to access technology at home.  When students don't have computers, it becomes impossible for them to keep up with their work. \n\nI work with 18 English language learners in an urban high school in Brooklyn.  My students speak Spanish, Arabic, Mandarin, and Haitian Creole.  Some of them are proficient in English.  Others are newcomers and have just begun learning English.  Most are at the intermediate level.   \n\nThe one thing that most of my students have in common is a lack of access to technology at home.  In order to prepare students for careers and college, many teachers require that students type homework assignments and submit them online.  Our learning community has one laptop that students can sign out and take home, but four classes share this one laptop.  Students frequently come to school unprepared because they were unable to find access to a computer.  Although students can go to local libraries, most libraries allow access to computers for only 30 minutes, which is not enough time to complete homework assignments.  \n\nAs English language learners, my students really need to be able to work on a computer without time restrictions.  As many of them have family and work obligations, being able to borrow a laptop to take home would grant them the freedom to complete their homework on time and at home.\n \nI am requesting 5 laptop computers and 5 air sleeves that they can sign out and take home so that they can complete their computer-based homework assignments.\n\nThese five laptops would be available for students to sign out (for one day at a time) so that they could complete homework assignments and research projects at home.  Work completion rates drastically increase when students have the tools they need to complete assignments.  In order to set my students up for success, I must provide them with the tools they need to overcome challenges.  By providing access to technology, I am leveling the playing field and giving my students a chance to succeed. 
178:::A typical day in my classroom is very rigorous!  My  students are very active and enthusiastic learners.  They love using "hands-on" materials, so Magna-Tiles would be a perfect learning tool for learning geometry and 3D shapes. \n\nOur inner city, third grade classroom is extremely diverse with 9 countries represented and 7 different languages.  We have a wonderful classroom culture where everyone helps each other to grow in their English and academics.  They want to know everything and work extremely hard to be successful. \n\nThe Magna-Tiles will provide students with an engaging, "hands-on" way to explore geometry concepts in the classroom. Students will learn how to take a complex shape apart and look for smaller basic shapes. As students build three dimensional structures like cubes and pyramids they will explore concepts such as symmetry, area & perimeter, and angles. \n\nThese materials will provide an opportunity for students to explore shapes and design their own 3-dimensional creations.  Students will be able to have a concrete example of the math skills they are learning in class.  Finding area and perimeter is a large part of the 3rd grade Common Core standards and having these hands-on resources will help students make sense of these concepts. 
179:::When students are using technology as a tool for learning, they are in an active role rather than the passive role of recipient of information transmitted by a teacher, textbook, or broadcast. Help my students take the driver's seat in the journey towards the mastery of 6th grade objectives.  \n\nI teach over 145 sixth grade students. Their ages range from 11-14 years old. My school is in the North Forest area of Houston, Texas. The North Forest Independent Schools District (NFISD) was recently shut down and has been replaced with Houston Independent School Districts, because the district has statistically underperformed for several years. \n\nDue to this misfortune, most of my students come to me with several learning gaps. This year, only thirty percent of my students came to YES Prep North Forest with the ability to read on grade level.  \n\nEconomically, my students are also at a disadvantage. Over ninety percent of the students at our school receive free breakfast, snack, and lunch daily. Many of these families face huge challenges and are not able to provide the time and resources to support learning at home with technology. Most of my students have no access to technology at home, and due to the strict budget at our school they have no access within the classroom either. \n \n\nIf we obtain the iPads in the classroom, my students will be able to save time, paper, and learn! \n\nI want to be able to use the iPad to differentiate instruction within my class. Seeing as my school believes in all-inclusive learning, I have students with reading levels ranging from kinder to eleventh grade and English Language Learners all in one classroom. With this wide range of abilities, it is difficult for all students to access what we are learning at the same speech. The iPads provide for this differentiation to be possible. With these iPads, even my students who have a modified curriculum to be able to access what we are learning on their level. \n\nSpecifically, I would like these iPads so that I can download apps such as "Socrative" on them. This app allows students to complete their quizzes and/or practice on the iPads, and receive feedback in real-time. In this day and age, students want to know how they are doing in the moment, and these iPads provide that necessity. \n\nWith these iPads, my students will gain experience with technology that is not provided for them elsewhere. Their excitement to learn will increase with these devices, and the ability to access information will also increase. I want to be able to eventually transform my classroom into a 1:1, providing each student with their own iPad, their own learning plans that are specifically designed to fit their needs, and essentially their own teachers. 
180:::All of us remember the wonderful books that we read at school and how exciting it was when we could read by ourselves.  I would love to add the selections of books to our class library so that the students can see what they have accomplished to do this year with learning to read.   \n\nMy students love to learn everyday and the excitement that they get when they can share something that they learned is wonderful.  I love when they come to me and tell me they can spell new words or show me on the library books that they know how to read the word. I love to read and I want my students to have that same enthusiasm to read.  \n\nMy classroom library is the place to be in my class.  The joy that I get when I give my students an option for stations and they choose the library over computers.  That shows me that my kids love to learn to read books and I would love a new selection in our library.  Just watching my kids helping each other read  brings great joy and I want to share that with you.  My students are in my library daily and they will be able to use the new selection of books to read to each other or to read to our stuff animals that we have.  I also allow my students to read in small group with a buddy on Fridays at my table and they will love to share the new stories.  \n\nYour donations will bring new ideas and stories to our classroom this year that they will be able to share and learned from.  But it will not go to waste because they will be available for all my future students to share.  My students will share their enjoyment of reading and pass that on to fellow classmates and family members that will go into my classroom in the future. Look at this donation at not just a one time donation but one that will keep on giving every year. 
181:::Our school is located in Florida. We are a Title I magnet school with a focus in International study and technology. We are a small school with the best students and dedicated staff and parents. We are excited to add the Tell Me More program to the extensive list of programs we offer to the children at our school.\n\nOur students come from across our county; some coming to us from where the school is located, and others driving from many miles away. We have a diverse, tight-knit community with involved staff and parents, representing our county in the best way. \n\nWe have students who walk to and from school, others who drive with their parents, and others who are a part of our bus system. We continue to have new children entering the school yearly and others who have had siblings who have attended from years past. Our school is a historic school, supported by a community of people who attended our school as children. \n\nWe just purchased the Rosetta Stone language learning software, Tell Me More. We are excited for the students to use the software at school, especially, with our focus on International Studies. Each grade at Lee focuses on a different continent and the Tell Me More program offers many different languages from which the child can chose to learn. I have requested a classroom set of USB headsets for the language work my students are doing with the Tell Me More language learning software program.\n\nWe want our children to go into the world as open-minded people with the appetite for learning and tolerance of others. Many studies show that learning other languages increases brain growth, improves your first learned language, makes a person more sensitive, and more aware. 
182:::Benjamin Franklin once said, "When the well is dry, we will know the true worth of water." Now, Earth's well of potable water is running dry at an astronomical rate. Through our unit of inquiry students will now be able to do something about reducing their water consumption and spread awareness. \n\nMy students are absolutely amazing. They are ready for the challenging expectations I've set before them. Though they are only in third grade, they have already begun typing, blogging, and submitting homework online. We are members of an international school, providing real-world diversity of people and cultures that will set our students up for success throughout their lives.\n\nNow that they've seen the power of their voices, they have a thirst for activism that could alter the future they see for themselves in the world. \n\nStudents will begin by researching ways that people collect and store water in different regions of the world. Then, to raise awareness of the urgent potable water situation, and to exemplify one method of conserving water, students will use rain barrels, paint, canvas drop cloths, brushes, and other materials to design functional rainwater collectors, including quotes, facts, and tips about fresh water.\n\nAt the culmination of the project, students will print evidence of their conservation project using the a printer and glossy paper to mail to local newspapers, in an effort to further spread awareness about the global water crisis. \n\nThanks to the generosity of over 50 donors, this project is already funded. This project will empower 3rd grade students, our participating classes, and the school at large, to truly benefit from the findings of their research. Students will be able to take action in a way that demonstrates not only understanding of the content, but true compassion to the weight of the water shortage situation. 
183:::Math is everywhere!" is what I say to my students most often. However, in spite of my best efforts to show them how math is involved in their day-to-day lives, my students still have trouble grasping how their work could lead to a career in mathematics. \n\nMy students are inner-city youth. They come from low-income backgrounds and live in circumstances which have made them mature far faster than a child should have to. My students are sweet, but no longer innocent. Life has been hard on them. Education is their escape. While in the classroom, they become the architects of their future, a principle I enforce every single day. \n\nThis class trip will serve multiple purposes. It will allow my students the opportunity to feel and act like kids- something they so desperately need. Additionally, it will expose them to careers outside of their consciousness. Similarly, this trip will provide the opportunity for my students to see that math truly is everywhere. By working in workbooks, students will have the opportunity to reflect on everything they learn during their day at Six Flags. \n\nMy project will allow inner-city youth the opportunity to experience something they have never experienced before. For students who have led hard lives, this will be a much needed escape from challenges at home, while also providing a structured learning environment. My students will be exposed to career paths they have never considered in a low stress environment, while also learning the principle "math is everywhere". Students will forever be impacted by their day at Six Flags. 
184:::My students are very eager to learn when they come into my classroom every day.  I see a total of 70 students on a daily basis and I love each and every one of them.  Most of my students do not have computers at home, making it exciting for them when we use technology on a daily basis in the class. \n\nMy school is set in the middle of apartment complexes in the middle of a city.  Most of my students come from one parent homes who work very hard to provide for my students.  The school that I work out provides free or reduced lunch for 94% of the school.  A good percentage of my kids show up to school an hour before school starts because that is the only time they can get to school and we provide free breakfast for the entire building.  The teachers are not provided with a budget to purchase materials for the students, making it expensive for me.  I try my best to provide as much as I can for them, but it is difficult.  My kids absolutely love when I incorporate technology into my lessons, especially laptops.  We use a program called MegaMath that allows the students to play games while reviewing skills and concepts.  They love this program.  They would play at home if they had computers. \n\nImagine walking into a classroom and all you hear is directions coming from 25 computers at 25 different times.  The games that we play on the computer require sound because it is asking the students to answer a question.  Since we don't have headphones, the students have to hold their computers up to their ears to listen to the question that is being asked on their computer.  Since every student works at a different pace, the questions are constantly going and the sound of questions being answered correctly ding throughout the classroom.  Having headphones would allow my students to focus on the questions their computer is asking them to solve and not be distracted by the computer in front of, to the left of, or behind them.  These headphones would make a world of a difference to my students.   \n\nHaving headphones in the classroom would benefit my students because it would allow them to focus on their computers.  It is so easy to be distracted by the dinging sound coming from their neighbors computer, that many of the kids get their questions wrong.  As minimal as headphones sound, this donation would improve my students learning immensely.  
185:::Games or reading...why does it always have to be a choice? \n\nMy students love to read!  Students today look forward to using the latest piece of technology that makes learning fun and engaging. There is nothing better than to have learning feel like you are just playing your favorite game.\nMany of my students are struggling readers who need academic support. Having adequate resource materials to pull from is an essential part of the teaching/preparation and planning process. As a teacher I need quick and easy access to these materials, and I need to have them available in my classroom for my students. \n\nThrough Donors Choose I was able to bring Hot Dots into my classroom, and the students who are able to read them are THRIVING!  (Thank you to everyone who donated!!!)  However, not all of my students can read.  So they cannot use the Hot Dots that are in my class without becoming frustrated.  My goal now is to get more Hot Dots into my classroom, but at a 1st grade level.  This way all students will be able to Learn and Play at the same time! \n\nThis project will not only benefit all of my students this year, but will continue to help students in future years. My students need these Hot Dots to compliment their lessons. When they press a correct answer they hear words of encouragement from the "talking" pen. This is the kind of positive reinforcement that children respond to, and with repeated play-and-practice, leads to mastery. Thank you for helping make that happen! 
186:::Learning all about their unique qualities is always fun for children.  Their image, personalities, and likes are always fascinating to them as they articulate their understanding of themselves.  My students need art materials to help them learn all about themselves. \n\nI teach in a title one school, in a low income community.  My students are motivated, enthusiastic about learning and very curious.  The beginning of the school year is always a time for discovery.  Children are learning more about themselves and the world around them.  Art is a very good way to get them to interact, share and express their likes and dislikes, which make them unique.  It enables them to be creative and show their talent as an artist.  They create pieces they can describe to their friends.  It is a time for them to work collaboratively and learn what they have in common with their peers and discover from each other about concepts they may want to learn.  When children start drawing people they do not always have the awareness they need to draw accurately and need to develop critical thinking skills that will enable them to do the drawings accurately time and time again. \n\nMy students need the All About Me book and CD to learn songs and poems, related to learning all about themselves.  Learning the songs and poems will help the students develop language, listen to different voices reading, and modeling intonation and memorizing text to help them express themselves.  We also need multicultural construction paper, crinkle hair strips, and wiggly eyes to make self portraits that reveal their personality. They will use these self portraits to work in small groups practicing a presentation they will share with their peer.  The Sharpie markers, fabric markers, and plastic palettes will also be use to create the self portraits. The  name plate sleeves will be used to identify the space where they will store their art projects.  I integrate the arts in all subject areas to develop my students creativity. \n\nArt is such a valuable tool for young children.  It allows them to create, collaborate and develop critical thinking skills.  At the beginning of the school year, I always start off building a foundation by having my students learn more about themselves.  It gives them an opportunity to get to know themselves and collaborative with their classroom peers when they share out.  With the help of the Lily Sarah Grace Fund and other donors, I hope to bring this project to my students. 
187:::Richie Parker said, "There isn't a whole lot of things in life that I can't do; there are just things that I haven't done yet."  This is the attitude that I infuse in my students on a daily basis; I don't care what your background is, with the proper attitude anyone can succeed. \n\nMy Students are comprised of 51 students from Gulfport MS School District, including 24 minority students and 11 female students.  Our students represent a cross-section of all economic, familial, and cultural factions in our community who desire the opportunity to work side by side to learn Computer Automated Drafting, CNC machining operations, Robotics assembly and programming to name a few.\n\nAdditionally, I have three extracurricular FIRST Robotics teams, one FRC and two FTC teams.  These teams are comprised of 43 students from all over Harrison County MS.  With 18 Minorities and 13 Female students.  Everyone involved with these teams, from students, parents, mentors and teachers, strive give the students the chance to make a difference.  We have taken advantage of the opportunity to serve at local soup kitchens and volunteer at local retirement homes.  Additionally, we participate in numerous career days and science fairs to help inspire the next generation of problem solvers. \n\nThe 3D-printer requested will allow my students see their thoughts transform from Computer Aided Drafting (CAD) files, into a rapid prototype to be quality checked, before being machined into existence.  This will allow for errors to be corrected before the final part is machined using more costly resources.  Simply put this will save my class money because the errors will be found during the design and prototype stage of production.\n\nAlso this printer will allow my students to directly print some parts for our robots directly from our CAD files.  This will also save time and money while making our team eligible for awards for using emerging technologies in our robot designs. \n\nThis printer will make a difference in my students' lives by helping them to understand the engineering design process, which will in turn make them better problem solvers.  It will also close the gap in my classroom between creating CAD drawing and machining the part.  My students will understand what being an engineer is about before they graduate high school, which will help them on their path to becoming engineers or helping them decide that another career path may be better for them. 
188:::Since receiving the MakerBot Replicator 2 my students have been building prototypes for robotics projects. We've received some Donors Choose gift cards, so this is the perfect way to use them to extend the original robotics prototyping proposal. \n\nI have students that come from rural and suburban areas. Many come from lower-income families. My students come to me for 1/2 a day where they learn about computer programming, networking and support. I also teach them to manage projects - and one of the projects they did last year (Battle Bots) spawned an interest in robotics. We program Arduino computers to drive mechanisms (servos, drive motors, arms, etc). Having a 3D printer has helped my students unlock creative ideas that they can realize in real life.   \n\nMy students need additional PLA build material black and yellow filament for their MakerBot Replicator 2. Just last week a student designed an actuator arm for a ramp that puts up/down bollards (like you'd see outside a government building). We had nothing lying around the classroom, so he drew it up in TinkerCAD, exported it and then printed it on our MakerBot printer. Within a few hours he had not just a working prototype, but a real-life working project. \n\nIt's projects like this - think of it and make it - that allow my students to take engineering ideas to the next level. \n\nWe are going to run out of PLA (the material that 3D printers use), no doubt. I am so grateful for those people who tried to fund my MakerBot project and ended up watching it be fully funded - then, in a really nice act of kindness, added a gift certificate because they knew that future projects would be just as awesome.  The materials in this project request will allow us to make more prototypes. Thank you. 
189:::What is a great way to get students to want to read?  How about providing them with nonfiction magazines that interest and appeal to them! Getting some students to find something they actually like to read has been a challenge.  I believe incorporating nonfiction magazines will benefit them. \n\nMy students come from some challenging homes.  Most students do not have books at home and are not having the opportunity to read at home.  The only reading they are doing is in the classroom, which is why we read all throughout the day in every subject.  The students in my class are overcoming obstacles to break barriers in reading.   \n\nMy students need informational text to learn about science and social studies in a fun and interesting way, they will get this with a subscription to Scholastic News.  These informational magazines will make them better readers, interest the students, introduce them to real-life reading, and boosts their vocabulary.  These magazines have activities to help students with their comprehension and ask higher level thinking questions.  Each week they will receive a new magazine to read about something specific to current events, holidays, or seasonal information.   \n\nGiving my students more opportunities to read is crucial.  This project will not only help my students with their reading, but help them build a love of reading.  If they find something they like to read, then they are going to read more and more.  These magazines are appealing to students and will get them reading.   
190:::Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes", by Mickey Mouse.   This is an appropriate quote for kindergarten students who not only have trouble counting but learn other skills like tying shoes. \n\nMy class consists of a very diverse population where students thrive using various resources, especially manipulatives. There are some students whose behavior need to be improved throughout the year and to be motivated and stimulated to do their work efficiently.  Our school is a Baystate learning environment, and students are learning lessons through ELA and Math centers daily. \n\nMy students need the math magnetic 10 frame set for math, ten frame answer boards and 10 on the Spot Ten Frame games for math manipulatives to be used during math centers. One of the first skills kindergarten students learn in math is counting using ten frames.  Students will be able to use these fun manipulatives at various centers to enhance the skill.  The use of technology is another important aspect to centers.  Students enjoy the colorful and interactive games to use on the Smartboard.  Teachers will be able to assess the students easier while they are engaged in their work. \n\nDonations are greatly appreciated because it will give the students more of an opportunity to learn their skills that are crucial to be prepared to move onto first grade.  By having these new resources, it will help students create the love of learning that they may not always get in their home environment. 
191:::I often hear my students say "why does history have to be so boring?"  Well, it doesn't. History can come alive through reading! \n\nAbout 98% of my students are second language learners or ELLs. ELL means English language learner. English is not their native language and can be hard for them. The area in which my school is located is an area of poverty where parents are always working and cannot afford school supplies. All students receive free lunch. With this in mind, I cannot ask for donations from families because I will not receive any. \n\nI am requesting 10 books on  Medieval times. With these books my students will work in pairs to create a project based on the Medieval times, using the book "Medieval times, Eye Witnesses."  Students can acquire almost all the information they would want to know  through these books.  \n\nMy project is important because my students aspire to do well in school. They desire to dream big and have others believe in them along the way. I want to give students the same experience I was able to get when I was in school, and I hope you do, too 
192:::A typical day is a work day, I like to give the students plenty of time to concentrate on their projects and ask questions. It is the time for concentration and one on one help. At the end of the year I want the students to have a good idea of the elements of Art. \n\nOur school is a small school that has dedicated students. They love to excel and will go above and beyond. I have all of the 7th graders right now and while all of them may not of wanted art, I think they have come to appreciate having it. I am trying to instill a sense of appreciation and understanding that Art is not just paintings in a museum, but all around us. The students are learning they are all creative, just in their own ways. \n\nThese drawing papers will help us finish out the school year. The upcoming projects include learning one point perspective, tessellations, using oil pastels, and and final project. Without paper we would have no where to put the ideas! They will learn new art concepts and how to improve them. They will also learn how to use oil pastels and how the quality of the paper effects how their drawings look. \n\nArt is important in education. Learning about art is important, but so is applying what they have learned. Having materials allows them to experiment and see what they can do! Teaching them to have the right materials of the job is something that can be applied out of art class and throughout life. 
193:::A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one. George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons \n\nThe average reading level in my 11th grade classroom is at the 6th grade. Many of my students have never finished a novel length book. I want to provide fun and exciting books for my students to inspire them to read on their own.\n\nMost of my students are of Native Hawaiian descent. They live on the Leeward cost of Oahu. They love singing, dancing, sports, and art; just the same as kids all over the world. My students are a part of a special academy that focuses on helping the students learn technical skills through film making and graphic design. \n\nI want my students to be able to read these books during independent reading time. We have independent reading for the first 15 minutes of class every day, but many of my students complain that the books in our room are boring (We mostly have classics like A Tale of Two Cities and The Scarlet Letter). Some of the students will be able to take books home. \n\nAll of the 22 books on this list were chosen by my students. They are really excited about the books and ask me every day when the books like Looking for Alaska, Mockingjay, and Artemis Fowl are going to arrive.\n\nMy students need to read more to improve their reading levels. The best way to get them to read the large quantity of books they need to read to get back on grade level is to provide books that they find interesting. \n\nA student reading below grade level by the end of the third grade is four times less likely to graduate high school on time and six times less likely if he or she is from a low-income family. Literacy is so important to a student's success. Even though I teach social studies, my primary concern is that my students leave my classroom with more than one grade level worth of reading growth. 
194:::Technology is a wonderful skill which needs to be taught to be fully appreciated.  Teaching my students how to use the internet for research and how to share information and express themselves with the help of technology is a classroom goal for the year. \n\nI teach science and special education and my students are amazing!  They work hard, support each other, and appreciate the little things.  Every day I try to captivate them with something interesting they have never seen or heard about before.  This year my students have challenged me to constantly bring new ways of sharing information into the classroom.  I have found that technology is one of the best ways for me to share information through teaching and learning and often allows us to fully explore those moments that captivate our attention. \n\nOne of the most important skills I am trying to teach my students is how to easily access, process, and share information.  Working in a high-poverty school makes this challenging as many of my students do not have access to a working computer at home.  I would like to have a Chromebook in the classroom because it is a simple tool that any of my students can learn to use.  \n\nI know my students are engaged when they ask a lot of questions.  With a Chromebook I could put a student in charge of quickly researching answers to questions asked in our discussions.  This tool will give the students a valuable means to find answers to their questions and the confidence to find answers for themselves.  This method of discovery can be  implemented into our classroom with ease and allow us to learn to use technology while learning about science. \n\nTechnology is a tool students need to learn to use in a classroom.  It is a tool students will be required to use in the workplace and is often taken for granted in this age of cell phones and smartboards.  Please help me teach our students to take full advantage of technology by giving them access to the simple power of a Chromebook. 
195:::Our students love to jump rope and our ropes are worn out from all the use they get! We try to keep our students as physically active as possible while having fun. Jump roping gives us some diversity in how we develop cardio-respiratory endurance. \n\nWe are a title-one elementary school where our parents do their best to assist us with our supplies through fundraising however, they are unable to do it alone. We are 75% free and reduced lunch school as well and can use any assistance we can get to help us secure equipment. \n\nOur students will use the jump ropes to help develop their cardio-respiratory endurance and to have fun while doing this! We not only use the ropes to develop cardio-respiratory endurance but to perform a warm up, special events like Jump Rope for Heart and with our after school program. \n\nIf we were able to secure these jump ropes, not only will it make our students' hearts stronger but they will also be more successful in the classroom, be healthy so they shouldn't have as many sick days, and be less stressed out by all of the standardized testing they are put through to move onto the next grade level! 
196:::By the end of the school year I would like my students will have some of the 21st century skills necessary to succeed. I want them to be financially literate to empower them to learn the skills necessary to know about what it takes to earn, save and invest money. \n\nAll my students take part in the free Federal lunch program. Our school is a Title 1 school with students from second to sixth grade. My students are from the inner city and mostly English language learners. They are hard-working, resourceful, self-motivated young people who are eager to be life long-learners. The school's philosophy focuses on leadership skills with an emphasis on critical thinking and 21st century skills. We have an amazing school, but one of the challenges we face is having limited technology available to use. \n\nI want my students to be Financially literate and access programs that will help them learn how to use money for their future. I would like them to research how money is made and the process by which it is brought to the people.  They can use the word processing program to complete a writing assignments on how money is made, distributed and how to save money. They will be able to practice their word processing skills. They will also be able to research a variety of topics, using the Internet.  Students will be creating budgets, and calculating interest rates. The MacBook as a class resource will be amazing asset to our class for my students. \n\nBecoming financially literate is a life skill, that will benefit my students for a life time.  Obtaining this laptop will assist my students in learn the 21st century skills they will need to succeed. They can build financial awareness by doing research, practice counting money by accessing apps that re specific to that skill. Most importantly they will be able to apply their knowledge about money to and what they learn in the class to the real world. 
197:::I sure am a lucky man. I have wanted to teach science since I was very young. In my current position, I am teaching at a school with bright, eager students. \n\nThe students at my school have already demonstrated a desire for relevant science activities. Having acquired some other materials through donors choose, I have been impressed by their drive, curiosity, and respect for our equipment. For this reason, I am attempting to acquire more lab-oriented equipment. \n\nMy students will use the requested materials in a number of ways. First, the dissection trays will be used to enhance our life science program. Currently, our school has dissection kits, but no trays for the specimens. My 8th graders study body systems, so these trays will be useful in studying respiratory, circulatory, nervous and digestive systems while dissecting lamb hearts, earth worms, and frogs. The test tubes, pH paper, and lime water will help with our 7th grade unit on acid-bases, and physical and chemical changes. The medicine cups will be utilized during an introduction to micro chemistry. \n\nA donation to this project will be helpful in teaching proper laboratory techniques, and will be useful to keep our children engaged in the science process. The utilization of quality equipment helps students to understand the importance of accuracy and documentation in the laboratory. This will set the stage for further success in the science classroom at the high school level. 
198:::The art studio is a special place in a school. It is space for creative thought, problem solving and discovering capabilities. I work hard to create an environment that is nurturing, safe and encourages self expression which is inherently a sensitive process, but quite rewarding. \n\nMy students are located in the cultural center of the world, but their personal access to the art world is limited because of their financial situation and life hardships. By creating a safe and welcoming environment in the art studio, I witness my students' evolution into 'real' artists. My urban students have a tough exterior, but when they create art, their inner child is freed. With that innocence, there are insecurities. I believe that when they feel safe in the art room, many of those insecurities are lightened, opening up room for creativity, experimentation and artistic success. They are sensitive young adults willing to work hard for success. They have a minimal art experience of only one year, yet they are pushed to develop their art skills and produce work they can be proud of. Living in an urban environment, they are constantly exposed to the art world, and I try to make them feel that they are a part of this world and have the right to be there. \n\nI work hard to create an environment that is safe, nurturing and welcoming. My students feel cared for and important when they walk though my doors. They prosper with good materials and are very appreciative for donations and help from others. The art room is a place not only to explore creative process but to explore our personal expression and who we are. Often the conversations in the studio reach outside a definition of 'art.' We talk about important issues to my teenage artist and health and well being are common topics. I believe that good health habits add to overall learning, happiness and academic success. Access to clean, cold water is limited to water fountains that are often ill-functioning. I believe that this water filtration system will greatly benefit my students academic success as well as provide a simple means to greeter health and well being. \n\nThis project will make a difference because water is important for my youngster overall well being and is simply looked over by those in charge of schools. Water fountains are broken, or when working, difficult to get enough water to feel adequately satiated. Moreover, students must leave the classroom in order to drink from them too! They will use this water filtration everyday and being well hydrated will make them better students and prevent sleepiness, headaches and aid in academic success. 
199:::Give me a man or woman who has read a thousand books and you give me an interesting companion.  Give me a man or woman who has read perhaps three and you give me a very dangerous enemy indeed."  - Anne Rice\nI try to encourage reading in every way possible.  A cozy spot to read surely can't hurt. \n\nMy students are bright eyed and brimming with desire to learn new and challenging things. We are a diverse student body in an urban school in a major city in Texas. With limited funding at the state and local level, your help could be the spark to foster the growth of imagination and love of learning.  \n\nMy students will be allowed to grab a book and curl up in the cozy chair.  My students will be able to independently read, which increases fluency, vocabulary, inferencing, comprehension, and the joy of wonder of exploring new places all the while not venturing from the confines of my classroom. \n\nIn this technologically based world, it is vital to get students engaged with reading.  Having a comfortable spot to grab a book and get lost in it will increase my students' association of reading and joy.  Hopefully, it will create life-long readers. 
200:::Steven King once said, "Books are uniquely portable magic." I believe in this quote, and I want to share this belief with my students. In order to do that, I have to get them excited about reading! \n\nMy students are mostly freshmen. If you've never interacted with a freshman, let me fill you in. They are a handful. They are very good-natured, but SO full of energy. When you get them excited about something, it is contagious and your classroom can take off! If they are not excited, you can imagine where all of that energy goes. Freshmen are an adventure every single day. \n\nReading is so incredibly important to our students, and getting them interested and engaged with reading can be a challenge, especially with freshmen. The "classics" in literature are a wonderful collection of stories that connect human emotion with great adventures, and they should be read, but unfortunately, they do not always captivate our younger readers. This is why I want to get copies of some young adult books in my classroom to help students find books that they can connect with and get excited about. The books listed for my project will be used for classroom literature circles. I would love for the students to be able to pick from about 4 or 5 choices. These books will be used for many years to come. \n\nThe special thing about this project and this book in particular is the conversations that it will bring about. In this story, the main character Melinda is the victim of sexual assault. While it is not the most comfortable thing to talk about, it is a conversation that is important. The story deals with it in a mature and non-graphic way, and opens up some very good opportunities for our students. Another example of just how powerful books can be. \n\nThank you for your time and consideration. 
201:::Organization is essential to creating a functional learning environment.  My teaching style is very active and requires a lot of activities and materials.  Without proper storage creating an organized and healthy environment is difficult. \n\nMy students are very active learning Kindergartners in a public school.  I facilitate centers throughout the day, and they are very engaged in their learning.  These centers provide independent and guided experiences, and are crucial to our curriculum.  My students get very excited about our new centers each day, and they can't wait to rotate through the active learning centers!  They love to use manipulatives in a hands on environment.  I love watching those "light bulb" moments with my students.   \n\nLearning centers require a lot of space for storage.  These items will help me to have an organized classroom to facilitate a functional learning environment.   Hands on materials and books will be stored in these bins in a organized way.  Preparing and storing materials are a daily occurrence in our classroom.  Having proper storage will help the students be active in finding the materials and books needed for our centers. \n\nDonations to this project will be an amazing contribution to the functionality of OUR classroom.  The students will be so excited to have all of their materials at their fingertips! This will create a stress free environment in our classroom! 
202:::In the classroom, we spend a lot of time working on language arts skills: writing, literary elements, grammar, and more.  Fitting in all of these areas each day can be a challenge, but it can be made easier with the right materials. \n\nMy students are bright, creative, fun, energetic, and they have a short attention span.  They are young children, and children need their interest to be held in a variety of ways.  The students that I teach enjoy visual and hands-on activities and lessons.  Each student is an individual that has different styles of learning. I hope to better meet all of their learning styles with access to more materials. \n\nMy students need language arts skill building materials like Word-Of-The-Week Vocabulary Chart, Literature Magnetic Teaching Charts and Common Core Writing to Texts Activities. These materials will make it possible to provide the students with more creative lessons that will hold their attention.  Some students need large visual representations of what we are working on together, and they need it organized in a neat, easy to read way.  Other students need interactive activities on the classroom computer to help them build their skills.  Each student is different, which means that I need a variety of materials to assist in teaching them all. These items will be used to better teach my students Common Core objectives in Language Arts. \n\nWhen something clicks for a student, you get to see a moment where they finally understand something that they have been working hard to master.  I need these materials so that I can reach out to more of my students in more ways.  I want them to be confident and proficient in their language arts subjects.  As a first year teacher, I started from scratch.  These materials will not only help my students this year, but students for many years to come. 
203:::Our first grade students are enthusiastic about learning- they are active and loud! \n\nWe are a diverse group of first graders with multi-ethnic and multi-lingual students which is representative of our beautiful city of San Francisco. 30% are English Language Learners, with Chinese, Korean and Vietnamese as their home language. 20% are special education students on the autism spectrum. \n\nFirst graders are an enthusiastic bunch! They get excited about everything from reading to math to outdoor science! Their excitement often leads to active bodies and loud voices, which makes it challenging for the student on the autistic spectrum and those diagnosed with ADHD to focus on the task at hand. \n\nWith your generous support, we would like to purchase a set of Peltor Jr Headsets. These noise canceling headsets will allow students to be more focused and learn what is needed instead of being distracted by the noise in the classroom.  
204:::A typical day in my classroom is listening to all 35 students' questions about what they want to learn and what they don't understand. My day never goes as planned but it is educational, engaging, and fun. I strive to teach my students to be free thinkers and analyze everything they see. \n\nThere are 35 students currently in my general education fourth grade class, eight of those students receive special services to meet their individual needs, These special needs are from physical or learning disabilities or English as a second language. Our school is a Title 1 school, meaning that a majority of our students live in low income households. No matter what their personal struggles are, my students come to school everyday eager to learn and to apply their learning to real life situations. I strive to not only teach them factual knowledge but problem solving and analyzing skills. My goal is to make school a fun engaging environment, where they not only learn but know they are loved and appreciated. \n\nThese much needed books will allow my students to be further exposed to non fiction text. This text is important because it will improve their ability to read analytically and read for information.  Non fiction text is the type of text my students will need experience with then they go on further in school and eventually in their careers. Reading for pleasure if great but to prepare for life outside of school, the skills gained by reading non-fiction is vital. These materials will be used not only by my class this year but will be able to be used in future fourth grade classes.\n \n\nThese books will allow my students to fully understand the "why" things happen around them. My students are very curious and are always asking why. These books will allow them to read and find out why, instead of depending on me to answer for them. One of my goals in teaching is mold my students into being "question-ers" of life and why things happen. I also want them to be able to find out answers on their own, instead of being handed the answer.  
205:::Hello Everyone! I am a first year art teacher in the Arkansas Delta. My students have mastered the elements of art, completed projects infused with literacy, and continue to see their art projects as a way to brighten their own lives and the lives of everyone around them!  \n\nThe mission of  (DELA)  Academy is to empower our students with the knowledge, skills, and character traits that will enable them to succeed in the nation's finest secondary schools and colleges and to pursue a life of value, joy, and integrity.\n\nDELA was founded in 2009 and is the first elementary school in the KIPP Delta Public Schools network. DELA currently serves approximately 410 students in Pre-Kindergarten through 4th grades, 91% of which qualify for free or reduced lunch. \n\nThough many of my students are growing up facing rural poverty, they use their artistic abilities to brighten their community each and every day. Please help us make this project happen! \n\nOne thing I can tangibly feel every day at school is my student's love for the people in their lives, especially their families and moms in particular.\n\nThis Mother's Day, I hope my students will have the chance to design and then paint a mini terra cotta flower pot. Then we will have dads from our community come in and help students fill their decorated flower pots with live flowers. Students will then take their flower pots home to give to their moms for Mother's Day. \n\nMy students will be able to see their artistic abilities and artwork as a way to make the people around them happy. I can already see the excitement on my students' faces as they board the buses with special treats for mom.  
206:::Our day starts out with calendar time as a large group.  We then split off into small groups of 2 or 3 students so that each student receives the highest quality instruction for his/her individual level. Throughout the day the groups rotate from station to station with gross motor breaks. \n\nMy students are amazing.  The most loving people I know.  They are all Deaf and they each have at least one other disability.  These other disabilities include cerebral palsy, physical deformities, behavior disorders, autism, intellectual delays, etc. They have the sweetest personalities.  They love life and people.  They will run to and hug any visitors that come to our class. My students love learning and love dramatic play.  They learn best through hands-on activities and role play. Due to being deaf and of hearing families, all my students have a significant language delay. \n\nMy students will be able to use the kitchen and accessories to pretend to cook, clean dishes, serve others, etc.  They will be able to practice real life skills in a fun and safe manner.  This will also give myself and my assistant a way of role playing with them to give them examples of these types of real life activities. Their language will also increase through learning more American Sign Language for the scenarios of real life. \n\nThis project will improve my classroom mainly by providing the hands-on experience to my students and by giving them a tangible way to learn language. My students have missed out on what may be considered basic language that a hearing person overhears when others are talking.  When a deaf person is with hearing people who sign very little or none at all; the deaf person misses out on a lot of language.  Language such as cup, plate, juice, apple, etc.  This project will shrink the language gap. 
207:::The more you read, the more things you will know," Dr. Seuss said. Therefore, the more children are exposed to books, the more they will enjoy them! We are getting ready to grab our hats and celebrate NEA's Dr. Seuss Book Drive: "Read Across America" but my students need books to celebrate it! \n\nMy preschoolers are a wonderful group of 24 children, they are three and four-years-old and eager to learn. They have limited educational resources at home because they come from low-income households but they are very enthusiastic learners and happy children! My goal is to provide them with a positive environment at school where they can develop their natural curiosity and desire to learn about the world. They especially like to listen to books during story time. Sometimes we have to read the book twice because they loved it so much! They are fans of Dr. Seuss books because the illustrations are vivid and the words are phonetically age appropriate. \n\nI'm requesting 3 sets of Dr. Seuss books and bulleting board accents to celebrate Dr. Seuss birthday and Nea's Read Across America with my students.  Read Across America is a reading celebration that involves students, parents, and the community members together to share their love of reading. We will be inviting them to come to our school to read to our students.  At the end of the week we will be giving each child a Dr. Seuss book to enhance their home library. Our younger children would benefit greatly from these activities because they will become lifelong readers and that will help them succeed not only in school but throughout their entire life. \n\nThe Dr. Seuss books that I'm requesting will go directly to our students' home library. I want them to have access to their favorite books to increase their early literacy skills.  If I get this project funded, every child in our classroom will enjoy opening their book over and over; and they also will learn about Dr. Seuss and his legacy. Please donate and impact our students' lives! 
208:::I have a classroom full of students that want to learn. However, for some of them this is a challenge. Allowing them to sit on stability balls instead of hard chairs will help them sustain focus for longer periods of time. \n\nI teach 30+ fourth grade students in a high poverty, ESL friendly, inner city school. Several of my students struggle with focus and have the need to constantly be moving. The school district is struggling to give any supplies so they would never find the money for "extra" supplies like these. \n\nThese resources would change my students' lives because it would allow them to burn off extra energy, but still pay attention to what is happening in class. I have done a trial with a couple of exercise balls and it has helped my students that have trouble focusing to maintain a higher level of focus throughout the lesson. The students stay at their desks and complete their assignments. The experiment went so well that I would like to afford other students the opportunity to maintain a higher level of focus. \n\nMore focus equals higher test scores. Higher test scores equals better opportunities. Better opportunities equals a better America. Please find it in your heart to donate to our cause; we know that it works and are excited to give everyone a chance. 
209:::It is important that students have rich reading materials that allow them to think about important ideas, like friendship and bravery, and make meaning for themselves. Junior Great books provides an opportunity for kids to do this.  \n\nI teach in a first grade classroom. Each day it is a joy to see the world through the eyes of my students. They are creative and artistic. They express themselves through their words and their art.  First grade is also time to learn about important life concepts like friendship and responsibility. It is a time for students to talk about big ideas, like what bravery is and what bravery looks like.  However, they can't have these discussions and create their own definitions of friendship and responsibility, unless they have the materials that allow and encourage them to do so.  I am hoping to add high quality literature to our reading program and get my students really thinking about, and responding to, these topics.  We will read our requested books in small, flexible groups that will change with each theme.  As we read each theme, we will discuss ways that our story applies both inside our classroom and on the playground.  \n\nI am requesting the Junior Great Books reading materials for my students. The Starting Off Strong pack will let us learn the shared inquiry process one step at a time. The teacher's edition and common core correlations will better direct my teaching.  We also need 4 copies of the student edition 3 pack.\n\nThe Junior Great Books is based upon the belief that students collaborate with each other to meet common core standards and make meaning of a story. They use their critical thinking skills to evaluate a story and find the big idea. They need to provide evidence from the story that supports their ideas, and they need to be able to question the arguments of others and defend their point of view. Since there is no one right answer, students make their own.\n\nIt is important that students have a variety of ways to display their learning. This project has group discussion, writing answers to big idea questions, and creating artwork to display that depicts what they learned from each story. \n\nI am hoping to bring these worthwhile materials to my classroom with the help of the Lily Sarah Grace grant and other generous donors. These materials will cause my students to use their creative thinking skills as well as apply their artistic skills.  I can't wait to see what happens when they dive into this great literature.  
210:::My students do not always have the supplies they need and need to constantly sharpen their pencils to get their work done correctly. \n\nMy students are eager learners who need an extra push and different strategies in approaching math problems. They are from all different backgrounds and cultures. Our school district services a high poverty level, including homeless students. \nThey need an extra push, using different strategies in approaching math problems helps them pay attention.  All races and cultures as well as economic backgrounds enjoy our medium size district.  \n\nHelp! We currently do not have a working pencil sharpener in my room. Students are forced to leave the classroom during my lessons in order to sharpen their pencils in other classrooms with working sharpeners. This is very disruptive and forces the student to miss out on valuable lesson time. We have gone through 2 electric sharpeners and many nonelectric sharpeners too!\n\nI teach remedial math to 70 students during the week. It is very important to have a functioning pencil for notes and classwork. Having this simple tool will allow my students to be less frustrated and more successful.\n\n\n 
211:::Global" students are the keys to success!   Providing technology and resources to students from low income homes would equip them to compete with students coming from more affluent schools and homes where technology is more readily available. \n\nMy students are in the seventh grade and have had limited exposure to technology.  Our middle school building includes 418 students, fifth through eighth grade.  Our teachers share one computer lab with thirty desktop computers and one mobile lab with thirty laptops.  It is often difficult to reserve one of these options with many teachers also trying to use them at the same time.  Our school district is classified as high need/low socioeconomic status (high poverty).  The students do not have access to technology outside of the classroom and technology provided by our district is limited. \n\nStudents would use the Samsung Chromebooks to turn the tables on learning and promotes equity.  Having these computers continually available in the classroom will allow them to get the information needed any time and any where.  They can apply technology to their education and it will provide confidence to use technology after graduation.  Technology will provide them with opportunities to prepare them for both higher education and the world of work. \n\nThe Samsung Chromebooks will allow them to delve deeper into subjects.  It will stimulate their learning and motivate them.  Engagement in learning would be boosted and improve their retention.  They will have access to new norms of education.  Technology also provides a new way to reach multiple intelligences. 
212:::Our school has over 670 students.  Many of these students are in low income homes.  We have a clothing closet on campus that helps those student when they are in need of clothing as well as food. \n\nOur school has over 670 students.  Many of these students are in low income homes.  We have a clothing closet on campus that helps those student when they are in need of clothing as well as food. The clothing closet also assists people in the community when they are in need, have a house fire, or need help with food.  All items are donated and all items given are FREE to those in need.   \n\nCurrently the clothing closet is using old tables and carts to hold clothing.  Because the donations have been so great, the old furniture that is used is falling apart and we have run out of space to organize the items.  Students volunteer time for community service hours to help organize the closet but we are in need of shelving.    \n\nDonations will improve our closet by helping us prepare and get it ready and presentable for those in need to use it. We also have students and their families that live in hotels and with more than one family in a household, and for those students we have Holiday Dinner for them and they can get clothing and toys for their children for the holidays.    
213:::My students want nothing more than to read at the same level as their grade level peers. Though they are still learning to read rather than reading to learn they deserve the same level of quality reading materials as their classmates.\n\nMy students are older beginning readers, many with disabilities, and all with reduced self-esteem. They are ravenous for knowledge and put in immense amounts of energy every day in hopes of developing effortless reading skills. Before they even sit down to read, they already see themselves as being at a disadvantage. Then they are presented with paper copies of controlled text written by no-name authors while their peers are devouring colorful, engaging text written by medal-winning novelists. \n\nThe kids on my caseload are bright, articulate students with many advantages. However, at this stage in their lives, they are down and out because they are second and third graders who have yet to crack the reading code. Phonics instruction is still a necessary component to their daily learning routine. While our school has many of the newest technologies available, we are lacking in books to accompany the phonics component.\n\nMy little readers will eat these books up. I envision my students reading and re-reading these books over and over again as they gain confidence, fluency, and sound/symbol skills. They will be able to use the books and accompanying letter tiles to complete word hunts, word building activities, word sorts, and take home activities.  These books are interactive and will provide the multi-sensory experiences my kids need to internalize the skills taught in their phonics lessons. The illustrations, engaging story-lines, and thoughtful vocabulary will make phonics instruction both fun and successful for these struggling readers.\n\nThese books are the key to engaging reluctant readers. They are sick of feeling like second class citizens. In classrooms where fun, inspiring books are abundant, but way above their reading levels, some beginning readers start to shut down. They feel like they are being left behind and only have access to the leftovers. These are the kids who need to feel empowered. They need to know what real reading is like. With these phonics readers in hand, my kids will thrive!
214:::I teach 10th grade English II, on level. Many of my students are not exposed to expanded vocabulary outside of my classroom and have never read a novel. Reading this story as a class will motivate them and ensure accountability for their own work. \n\nMy students are wonderful! They want to learn and take their learning into adulthood. Many of them come from very poor homes with few encounters of expanded vocabulary or reading. We are a large school located in a medium-sized town, since we are the only high school serving our city. Our football team are renowned champs, but many of my boys and girls will not have the chance to read a novel on their own, outside of school. I am trying to introduce a love of reading for pleasure. \n\nWe will read through this novel together. Chapters will be assigned and the students will be accountable for the chapters on their own. We will discuss the readings the next day and I will test for understanding. Once we get through the novel and are able to discuss, we will likely watch the movie in order to compare their imagined versions of the characters and scenery to the motion picture version. I hope to introduce a love for reading so that they will seek out books to read on their own for enjoyment. \n\nThis will improve my class because these students are not exposed to enough reading for fun! They do not associate reading with fun or enjoyment. I want to at least introduce the idea so they might carry it into adulthood, which is rapidly approaching. 
215:::My busy 2nd graders are eager learners. We currently have one iPad to share with 28 students. It makes it difficult for me to maximize each student's time on it. They all can't wait to use it and are very eager to read or listen to stories on it. I want all my students to succeed and feel confident. \n\nMy students are from low socio-economic families and many do not have access to technology in their homes. My students come to school ready to learn.\nOur school is a Title I school. Most of our students qualify for free or reduced lunch. Our school is unique and special. We provide a healthy and intimate learning environment. We believe in community building not competition. Our parents are very involved and want the best for all the students. \n\nThe iPad we are requesting will be used as a listening center where students will be able to listen to stories, build words, and play educational games. The possibilities are endless with the educational applications that are available for the iPad. Students will be able to access activities that will reinforce what they are learning in the classroom. Students will also be able to research topics being taught in class. \n\nThis project will give students access to technology in the classroom. Students' learning will be enhanced with the applications that are available. It will help my students become familiar with technology and help them become better readers. 
216:::I want to introduce my students to the world through music! \n\nMy students are kindergarten-fifth grade students who come from a variety of backgrounds. Our school is a Title I school with 55% of students receiving free/reduced lunches. Many of our students come from military families and relocate often. Most students do not have access to a variety of instruments at home but they love making music in the classroom. They are eager to learn everyday. I would like to provide them with hands-on opportunities to experience music from around the world. \n\nThe instruments I am requesting will give students the opportunity to see and hear music from other cultures in an interactive way. By making the music themselves they will learn long-lasting lessons about music in many parts of the world.\n\nExposing students to world music teaches them to be empathetic towards people of other cultures. This development of compassion and empathy provides a bridge across cultural divides that leads to respect of other races at an early age.  \n\nGetting a glimpse of another culture is like getting to peak into another world. It is truly a life-changing experience. Please help me provide this multi-cultural music experience to my students! 
217:::My goal for my students this year is to create in them a love of learning. An important aspect of this is motivation to read and write. I hope that my students walk away at the end of the year with the skills and attitude needed to continue to be successful.   \n\nI have a group of 18 third graders at a very low income school. Parent involvement with academics is very low and most of my students do not have books at home. Throughout the year, we have been working extensively on the writing process, how to communicate through writing, reading for pleasure and to learn, as well as problem solving skills.  \n\nThey say that organization is key and that is exactly what we will be using our materials for. Our book boxes will be used to organize the books in our classroom library. The bins will be used to organize the tables in the classroom so students always have what they need in front of them. The writing process has been difficult for my students to learn and follow. The writing process folders will be used to help students track and organize the writings they are working on. The dividers will be used to organize our testing time and to help create a safe and quiet testing environment.  \n\nHaving an organized room to work in will help my students in many ways. They will be able to produce better planned out and detailed writing by using the visual writing folders. My students will love reading more because books that interest them will be easier to find in the library. Students will be able to perform better on tests with a safe and quiet environment.  
218:::Do you remember the joy of being a child and getting to go to the park and play in the sand box. There was nothing quite like the excitement of digging holes or building sand castles with your friends. With this project, my students too will get to experience that feeling. \n\nWe are a first grade class in a small charter school in California. Many of the students at this school come from families who can provide the items that are necessary, but often not anything in excess. Our 1st and 2nd grade classes recently moved to a new area of the school and have a new area for recess that has a great play structure but not much else to do. We are looking to expand the choices available to the students in this area. \n\nThis year, we moved to a new area with a wonderful play yard that has a grassy area for playing games, a small play structure, a blacktop and a tan bark area with tables for outdoor learning. The students love playing in this yard and have created many of their own games to play there. The teachers have been looking for ways to enhance the play in this yard and one of the ideas is to start using our sand table again. Unfortunately, the sand table has lost all of its sand, most of the tools and all of the lids have broken. With this project, the students will be able to discover the joys of playing in the sand while practicing their fine motor skills. With the resources from this project, we will be able to provide our students with more activities for both recess and class activities. \n\nWith your support, our students will gain the opportunity to experience sand and water in a way that they never have before. Sand and water can both be a wonderful experience and with the addition of sand and water tables to our yard, our students will have a broader experience here at school. 
219:::Our classroom has recently been blessed with the addition of 2 new iPads. The wonderful donors here at DonorsChoose have been very generous to us! This new request is for cases and protective screens to keep this technology in good order for many years to come. \n\nMy students are transitional kindergarteners in a wonderful public school located in the San Fernando Valley. We are a Title I school, and many of our families live below the poverty line. My class includes students that are learning English as a second language, and students with special learning needs, along with typical learning students. The school is very diverse culturally and linguistically. The children are full of enthusiasm, which makes being their teacher a rewarding experience. \n\nThe cases and screens will be used to protect our new iPads from scratches and other damage that can occur when used frequently by young learners. I have been teaching my students not only how to use their tablets, but how to take care of them, and they do a great job! I have purchased ebooks and applications that are developed just for this kindergarten age, and the children love the time they get to spend reading these stories and working the apps. The best thing for me, of course, is that I see them learning while they are having fun! \n\nYour donation will provide cases and screens that will lengthen the time that we will be able to use our classroom iPads. Thank you so much for taking time to read and consider this proposal! 
220:::Many of the mallets we use in music class are either bent, chipped, broken, or missing. Please help us to replace these essential tools! \n\nMy students come from a small town in Maine. I see grades K-6 for music class and band. They love to sing, dance, and most of all play instruments in music class. They would love to have some new instruments to use. Our students are very well behaved and are always eager to learn new things. \n\nThese mallets will be used to play xylophones, glockenspiels, and metallophones in music class. They will learn to make music with a group, read music notes and symbols, and even create their own music. Playing music as a group develops the mind, hand-eye coordination, listening skills, social skills, and much more. Please help us meet our goal. \n\nYour donation will make a huge difference in the lives of our students. They are very appreciative of the materials that we do have (and it's not many). Please help us meet our goal.\n\n"Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent." ~Victor Hugo 
221:::Some of our students have not had the opportunity to visit the local Botanic Garden. We would like to give every student in our class the opportunity to visit the local Botanic Garden! \n\nEvery morning, I have twenty smiling faces greet me! I teach a four-year-old Pre-K class at a Title I school. My students are eager to learn, energetic, and curious about the world around them. Our school offers this magnificent Pre-K program to students who qualify. \n\nOur students will learn greatly from taking a trip to the Big Backyard at the Memphis Botanic Garden. While there, students will participate in a program called "A Sense of Adventure!" Students will go on a hike throughout the Botanic Garden using their different senses. We have already studied the 5 senses in the classroom. Visiting the Botanic Garden and participating in "A Sense of Adventure!" will allow our students to better understand the 5 senses. \n\nThis project will make a huge impact on the students in my classroom. Some students have never had the opportunity to visit the local Botanic Garden. Our students will not only gain knowledge from this trip, but they will also create memories that will last forever! 
222:::Literacy is a huge part of our classroom.  We are speaking, listening, reading, and writing all day, every day.  I firmly believe that in order for my students to be successful, they need to have many opportunities to practice literacy.  They also need to be exposed to a variety of experiences. \n\nMy second graders are great kids! They are curious, interesting, and simply love school. They are always asking me questions and wondering how things work.  Their favorite question is "Why?" \n\nThey love coming into my classroom and interacting with me and the other students. Relationships seem to be important to their school routine. We are an incredibly fortunate school because we have a staff that works hard at forming meaningful relationships with each of the students.  \n\nMost of our students have lived in other countries or have influences from other cultures that have contributed to our interesting classroom community.  They have taught me so many things about their cultures and how they view the world.  I am blessed to come to this classroom and interact with these students.  We could not ask for a better class. \n\nMy students will use these materials all day. First, I believe that in order to be a fluent reader, you must be exposed to different kinds of print. Therefore, providing magazines such as Scholastic News and TIME for Kids (and soon newspapers) will give my students opportunities to read texts other than books. My job is to spark their interest and get them to WANT to read.  Bringing in magazines will be an excellent way to do this.  \n\nThe bookshelf will simply be a way to organize our magazines. It will be placed next to my classroom library.  \n\nThe document camera is a great tool to use when projecting students' work on our Smartboard.  Students will be able to observe steps in the writing process by watching how to edit, revise, etc. They will also be able to show their own writing on the document camera. Students can read and compare their own and others' writings. A document camera can be used for a variety of things.  It is just a great way to get students more engaged with tech.\n\nDonations to this project will improve our classroom learning community. Students will be able to walk over to the classroom library, check out a magazine, and read it in a comfortable spot. Students will be exploring new topics and discovering new interests that they may have. Students will be able to walk up to the document camera and read their latest fictional story. Students will be able to explain the inspiration behind the new story and allow students to ask questions about the story. 
223:::Picture this...a first grade math workshop in progress, the teacher is working with small groups, but a student is struggling with a concept outside of her small group.  The teacher hands the students an iPad with video loaded that explains the concept. \n\nThis is called a Flipped Classroom (or a Flipped Lesson), and I want to bring that to our school!  We are a new charter school in North Carolina. We have a diverse group of students from various counties across the state. I have 21 first graders who come to school each day ready and willing to learn. They are talented, bright and inquisitive! They are eager to learn more about the world around them. \n\nMy students need an iPad Air, a protective cover with viewing stand and 2 adapters - one VGA adapter and a 30-pin to lightning pin adapter. I would like to use with this iPad is the ability to quickly record and publish lessons through the use of creativity apps such as Educreations, Show Me, and Explain Everything. The video would contain material that I would typically have to repeat or specific content that kids typically need extra help with.  They could also access the lesson if they are absent.\n\nIn addition, I would use the iPad to project digital content created to supplement lessons onto our ActivBoard.  Much of this digital content will be interactive and students can use the iPad to select and move content around while the rest of the class is viewing it on the screen. \n\nA Flipped Classroom model allows students to have access to learning lessons in case they are absent or if they need to hear the content again.  Parents can also see how lessons are being taught in class to help support their children at home.  The iPad Air would allow me to quickly record learning lessons and have them readily accessible during class time for student review. 
224:::As Benjamin Franklin once said, "Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." In my class, I want to teach my students to become critical thinkers of history and the historians. To help them master the skills, needed, students need become visual thinkers of history. \n\nMy U.S. History classes are inquisitive 11th graders in a magnet school located in high poverty county. The materials requested will be used in all my U.S. History classes (Honors and College Prep). Yet a skill they need to be successful not only in my class but on the state end of course exam is critical thinking. Often the students are use to things being "instantaneous," but in history, you have to critically think about what you are covering in class.\n\nEvery day I face the "history is boring" syndrome in my classroom. I use a wide variety of resources, teaching styles, and learning strategies to help my students find the importance and interest in history. Over the years, though technology is a wonderful thing, it has slowed down the critical thinking skills my students need to be successful in my class. \n\nTo help the students develop critically thinking skills, they need to see their process of thinking. I am requesting a variety of materials to help my students visually think: post-its, easel pads, and markers. The materials will be used through a variety of strategies (i.e., t-charts, anchor charts, document analysis, etc.) to help the students think about an event and/or correlated primary sources and address the variety of learning styles I have in my history class.\n\nBy making their thinking "visual," the students can see their thought process to make historical connections, to process the information taught and form a routine with the content and a means to understand it. Also if I teach multiple preps of the same course, the visible thinking posters my students make open the door for communication among the classes. It causes them to delve deeper into the material and gain a better understanding. Those skills are needed not only for their end of course exam but in life as well. \n\nBy using more visible thinking strategies in my classroom, the students will be able to apply a variety higher order thinking skills, literacy skills, and communication skills as we have class discussions on the text. The students can then utilize these skills on their assessments, including the end of course exam. The skills learned by the students in my class can carry into their other classes in school, college, and the world. 
225:::Children love to be actively involved in learning.  They are also naturally curious about the world around them.  We want our students to see the connection between the world they live in and the things we learn in the classroom.  The STEM Science curriculum is a great way to start that journey. \n\nOur second graders range in academic and economic levels.  Our school is located in an urban area with approximately 650 students.  Although the background experiences vary from student to student, we have found that they share a common love of science and active learning.  My school is always looking to use "Best Practice" to teach our students.  Our school is the only elementary in our district selected to pilot the STEM Science program.  We are one of 46 schools in the nation to do this.  My partner teacher and I are responsible to teach our 110 second graders the second grade modules.  We have just completed one module with two of the four second grade classes titled "Materials Science:  Properties of Matter."  It was an exciting learning experience for our students.  We found that the science concepts were easily integrated into other parts of our day such as our language arts block. \n\nWe would like the requested materials so that we may integrate more literature into our STEM Science learning module.  The students were learning about young inventors and why their inventions were important to us.  Our students were very curious to learn about the inventions already mentioned in the science module, but also wanted to research more inventors and inventions.  We would use the STEM Non-fiction Library Collection to reinforce concepts of the properties of matter.  The Inventors and Inventions Resource Kit would complement the Properties of Matter module by allowing students to research more inventors and inventions in a hands-on way. \n\nThe concepts introduced in the STEM Science Properties of Matter module will be reinforced throughout the day.  During Reading Workshop students can listen to or read non-fiction books about these science concepts.  They will also be able to work independently, with partners, or in small groups with the Inventors and Inventions Resource Kit.  Having these materials will give the students another avenue to understand the connection between school and the real world. 
226:::Can you imagine learning something without some type of model?  I want my students to learn from the best, which is why I chose a series of amazing books/authors as examples to lead them spark their own writing. Through these stories, students will have a mentor of sorts along with teacher support. \n\nOur large city school district has 16 elementary schools, 4 middle schools, and 2 high schools.  Our elementary school is Title I and our students are at high risk.  The boys and girls in my kindergarten classes love school and and I want to give them the best chance I can to be the best they can be!  Although we are striving for full day Kindergarten throughout our district, we are not even close (about 25% for now).  I teach half day K (am and pm) and I feel a lot of pressure to reach standards with the time constraints.  \n\nThe stories I've chosen fill in the gaps in my personal library to complete the intensive but FUN writing units.  Many of the books will be read over and over again throughout the year to model individual authors craft.  As mentioned earlier, the time constraints put a lot of pressure on teachers and students to maximize every moment.  Quality materials are essential to reach our lofty goals! \n\nThere is no better gift to give than the gift of literacy.  The ability to communicate through the written word is an essential skill in the workplace no matter what your career path.  Please help me to help the students in my care to be effective communicators through written expression. 
227:::Clank! Clank! Clank! That's the sound of a Kindergartner banging his mouse on his neighbor's keyboard. Next comes the hand in the air. "She won't let me move!" one of them says.\n\nThis is a somewhat regular occurrence in the computer lab at my school due to our small, outdated furniture situation \n\nThe students at my school range from those who have it all to those who have very little. Additionally, we have a few students who are in wheelchairs that could benefit from the added accessibility new tables would provide.\n\nIn short, we are the definition of diversity in the public school system and are often cited as so by local universities and our own school district.\n \n\nMy students need tables, headphones, wireless mice, a shredder, and cleaning supplies to make the computer lab the best place in the school.  Currently our furniture in the computer lab is outdated and small. The lab was built over 15 years ago and we still have that original furniture. Kids are only getting bigger and with 24" x 36" tables they really struggle for elbow and leg room.\n\nWith three new 30" x 48" tables, my students would be able to have the room to work and I truly believe it would make them more productive with their time in Computer Lab.\n\nAdditionally, the headphones, mice, shredder, and cleaning supplies will make sure that I have enough materials to maintain the lab for some time to come.  \n\nWe all like to have our space when working and for kids that seems to be especially true. With the new tables I could not only provide my students with room to work, I could also free up more space in the lab for special technology stations. I could also make sure they are well stocked and clean for everyday student use. \n 
228:::What can a pencil do for all of us? Amazing things. It can write transcendent poetry, uplifting music, or life-changing equations; it can sketch the future, give life to untold beauty, and communicate the full-force of our love and aspirations.\nAdam Braun \n\nEveryday students waste more and more time distracting themselves and each other from learning because we have a non-functioning pencil sharpener.  It either eats up the pencils or quickly overheats. We have gone through a few lesser quality electric sharpeners so far this school year because they cannot hold up to the demands of creative third graders. The students are either up and down out of their seats to sharpen and resharpen broken pencils, or they end up interrupting each other to borrow manual pencil sharpeners from their peers. \n\nMy homeroom students and I will be using the pencil sharpeners and pencils daily to express written ideas without bothering other students within our class. Students will use the electric sharpener in the morning to prepare for the school day.  In addition to my 22 homeroom students, 42 other students enter my classroom to learn! I enjoy buddy teaching Social Studies to 22 additional students and I also love teaching an intervention reading class to 20 additional students. \n\nCreativity with a pencil cannot be measured. Who knows, perhaps I have the next famous author, poet, or scientist hiding in my classroom, waiting for that perfect pencil to express himself or herself. 
229:::This year when I asked my students what they wanted to do for a class project, they said, "Let's build a zoo!" \n\nMy fourth graders live in a working class and immigrant neighborhood. Most of them are learning English as a second language, some have special needs, and all of them love to learn. Our Title I school is an important safe haven for my kids, who are surrounded by poverty and gang activity. \n\nMy students want to create an opportunity for other students in our school to see live animals.  Our zoo is going to be set up inside our classroom.  Each part of the room will host a different ecosystem, like the desert, bog, or rain forest.\n\nIn order to create this classroom zoo, my students need a variety of live animals, habitats, and supplies to take care of the animals.  Once they have set up their "zoo," they are going to invite other classes at our school to visit.  My students will act as docents and give tours of our classroom zoo.  Imagine their proud faces when they show other students a Venus fly trap, ant farm, tree frog, and praying mantis--all within the confines of our classroom!  We are asking for an ant farm, a praying mantis habitat, a millipede kit, carnivorous plants, various animal habitats, live animals, and other supplies to maintain our zoo. \n\nWith your generous donation, my students will learn about animals, how to take care of them, and how to present the animals to visitors in a scientific fashion.  The learning opportunities are endless with this project.  My students and I thank you! 
230:::We are always imagining what else is possible in the learning journey for our Thespians. Each year, our students dream of ways to learn more from productions or workshops or professionals beyond our classroom walls. This brings us to our Hollywood dream!  \n\nOur school might be small, and our resources and students' financial needs might be challenging. But for most of our students, they have never traveled outside of Massachusetts. So the mere thought of traveling across the country to the heart of the film industry will give our students memories and experiences that make every penny worthwhile. Your generous donation will bring us one step closer to reaching our dream.  \n\nTo be able to give our students the opportunity to see the film side of the performing arts would be a magical experience for them. Whether it's through an interview with a professional special effects designer or director in the industry or touring an elaborate artistic film set or talking to college advisers at USC and the LA Film School, these are opportunities that cannot simply be learned in the classroom by opening up a brochure. Hands-on, experiential learning on-location where professionals are working in the field is priceless.  \n\nWithin our small school environment, our time, resources, and activities are limited for the Arts. But we are so proud of our involved and dedicated Thespians, and even the parents are active participants in making our productions and events possible. However, as an urban public school, we face financial challenges in order to provide experiences beyond our school walls. If we truly want to prepare our students for the "real world", we are determined to do whatever we can to make that possible! 
231:::Have you heard a room full of students laughing from a novel? My students love reading comedic texts that capture their attention! \n\nI am a 7th/8th grade special education teacher. My students attend an urban Indiana middle school. More than 60% of my students qualify for free or reduced priced lunch. They are reading significantly below grade level and struggle with reading comprehension skills such as main idea, characterization, making inferences about the text, and supporting details. \n\nMy students are not fond of reading. They spend more time arguing over what to read, rather than reading. My Adapted Language Arts class loved the comedic novel, Diary of a Wimpy Kid. This novel is very similar in set up, but is closer to their grade level. I would like to use 15 copies of Middle School:The Worst Years of My Life, in my classes to increase reading levels, provide interest in reading, draw conclusions, characterization, central ideas, and making inferences from the text. By using a text my students will enjoy, I will hopefully bring up their significantly low reading levels and low story element knowledge by capturing their attention in this exciting middle school novel. The students will use the composition notebooks to take notes, complete extended response questions, complete characterization and story element analysis, and make predictions about the text. \n\nBy helping fund this project you will give my students the chance to enjoy reading. It will help my students realize reading is fun, relatable, and exciting. Not only increasing reading levels and further story element knowledge, it will help my students work on literacy and fluency by completing text activities in the composition notebooks. 
232:::Do you remember history class? Lectures and memorizing dates and names?  How much of it do you remember? We want our students to have some history they'll remember, history they live. We can't fly them to the East Coast, but we can bring them to a living history experience here, with your help. \n\nWe have a wonderful group of ethnically and socioeconomically diverse students who come from all over our very large city.  Our school is a special and unique place in which students learn by building, creating, exploring, questioning, and doing projects.  Two of our classrooms have both been studying the early days of the United States.  In one room, for example, students investigated the Lost Colony of Roanoke, trying to decide for themselves, what happened to those colonists.  Then then created presentations depicting their points of view and supporting them with factual evidence from research.  In the other room, students are working on a play in which they are presenting our local history, culminating with a song about the importance of understanding history. As teachers, we try to bring history to life, making it relevant to the students' lives today, and creating a deeper understanding of what life was like for those who came before us. \n\nAs the saying goes, experience is the greatest teacher, but it's hard to experience history. We can, and will, read about revolutionary times, examine drawings and primary sources, and watch videos, but actually experiencing, and living, aspects of life from over 200 years ago will give our students the tools they need to bring a deeper understanding and more thoughtful perspective to what they are learning about. We want to take our students on a living history field trip, giving them a first-hand experience from which they can draw, making trying on those historical shoes a much easier and more meaningful experience. They will be living as people did during the Revolution, training for battle, experiencing the effects of the Stamp and Quarter Acts, learning skills and crafts of the time, and interacting with historical figures. This will allow our students to experience life as it was lived then, giving them an incredibly valuable learning experience that is hard to get any other way. \n\nHistory is really our story. An understanding of and an appreciation for how we came to be is an essential foundation for understanding and appreciating where we are now. We want history to be more than names and dates; we want it to be a story that they live through what they read, think about, and experience. We want them to be able to put themselves in someone else's historical place and try to understand their lives, their limitations, and their choices.  This trip will help them do that. 
233:::Many of my students have minimal technology in their homes, yet are expected to be able to keep up with the rest of society? How will this be possible? \n\nI work at a Title I school with low income families. Two-thirds of my students are also second language learners. Many come from underprivileged homes and have had very little life experience. Few of them are able to afford the technological luxuries so many of us are accustomed to and are so dependent on a day-to-day basis. \n\nWorking at the lowest performing elementary school in town can be discouraging at times. It's challenging trying to find activities that will motivate students to learn. I am planning to explore the various learning apps out there to find which ones would be right for my students. I am hoping to be able to fund a couple of iPads in the near future to be able to allow all students in class some time to explore math drill games and well as practice vocabulary, which is much needed for my second language learners. \n\nI am hoping that working with iPads will not only increase the enthusiasm for learning, but it will also give my students an opportunity to work with technology they don't have at home. Technology has become such a huge part of our daily lives, it's very important my students acquire the skills they need to succeed. 
234:::My students are fun, happy and full of life! They work hard every day to improve their reading, math and writing skills. Many of them do not have a chance to engage in physical and fun activities! We have started our first T-ball team to give our kids a chance to have positive activities.\n\nI have twenty-six  5- and 6-year-old students! All have their own special character. They love to learn and explore. Every day is an adventure full of questions! They are equally active and clearly need an outlet for their abundance of energy. We are all really excited to be able to create a team sport for children. \n\nThe materials I am requesting are all materials that the kids need in order to practice and participate in games. It is all T-ball equipment. This includes bats, gloves, balls and uniforms. This will also cover practice equipment. The kids will practice 3 times a week and have games once a week. This equipment will be used during all these times.\n\nThis project will mean a lot to the kids. They will be able to participate in a sport. This will help them with team building and encourage healthy exercise. We want a healthy outlet for our children. They work hard in the classroom and we want them to have something to look forward to! 
235:::ALL SET? YOU BET!!! And off we go with our day!  I want to see my students improve their reading scores. I know that a functional listening center will help them with that. A boombox radio and four personal CD players will let us listen to our anchor stories and will set the tone for an amazing new listening center.\n\nI have a class with a vast range of abilities. Differentiation is key in my room. From students with intellectual disabilities to a population of gifted students, we are all a family. Nonetheless, our loving family of 28 really enjoy nothing more that a good book! My students just adore reading!!! \n\nThe boombox, personal CD players, and stories I've requested will help my students improve their fluency, comprehension, and enhance their love of reading. My students love to listen to stories on tape, but mine are all out of date and broken. I find my students constantly asking to listen to stories and unfortunately I have to say, "Not today, sorry". \n\nI would be so appreciative of the donors for this project! My students will benefit in so many ways. You will be enhancing the reading abilities of so many loving children. My students who are still learning to read will benefit in ways unimaginable. I thank from the bottom of my heart in advance! 
236:::Every day we review the job chart and what we are supposed to do. We talk about the importance of doing our best and working together because we are in the room with each other for almost half of their day. Cooperate with each other and be respectful is what we strive for  our classroom community. \n\nFirst and Second Grade teachers at this school loop with their students.  We keep them for 2 years regardless of personalities, skills, and effort. This year, I am extremely fortunate to have a classroom with a cohesive personality.  \nMy students are Sincere! They genuinely like each other and are open and honest with each other in a positive way.  They are always there to lend a hand, support, or materials to each other.\nMy students are Social Butterflies!  The boys especially always seem to know what is going on with each other.  They would rather work in pairs and in small groups even though they can work independently.  They tend to chat probably more than they should but can always tell you what they are supposed to be doing and whether or not they are actually doing it!\nMy students are Risk Takers!  They are not afraid of doing something that is "hard".  They always tell me that they can do it.  They constantly show me more than what I ask from them. They love to tackle problems. \n\nCurrently the students use individual whisper phones that allow them to read a story out loud but quietly. It is very difficult for students to use these particular whisper phones when working together on their guided reading group assignments.\nDuring reading, the duet whisper phones would allow students to work in pairs on a follow-up assignment for their guided reading group.  They would be able to read the story together, discuss the story, and answer any questions/do an assigned task together quietly.\nThe students would be able to use the duet whisper phones during their writing time, also.  They will be able to read each others' work and discuss where to edit their punctuation and spelling.  They will also be able to discuss where they can add more to their stories. The students will also be able to write stories together. They can discuss and write a single story between the two students.  This has been an exciting task in previous years. \n\nFirst grade and even Second grade voices tend to carry and the students tend to get excited quickly about what they are doing. These duet whisper phones allow the students to work together but in a quieter capacity. The teacher will not have to stop groups to remind about quiet voices. There will be more teaching and less management going on.  The students will get more ideas, strategies, and information by being able to work with another than they will if they work by themselves. 
237:::Children just cannot sit like you want them to sit, so let's give them an option that is a win for all!  Sitting still is something that not all children can do nor should they have to do. \n\nMy first grade classroom is made up of 18 very diverse 6 and 7-year-olds. We are a Title I school. Many of my students come from very low-income households. My students are filled with energy and excitement every day and sitting still is a skill that we work on daily.  With more and more students coming to school with special accommodations, we need to reach out to them and make the necessary tools accessible. \n\nIt is important to allow students movement and fidgeting is scientifically proved to help people focus. Movement is a key component in the ability for certain children to focus at school.  The requested Hokki stool has a unique ability to encourage movement while sitting. It is perfect for little bodies because it cannot tip over and helps keep kids be active while seated.  These stools are perfect for students with ADD or ADHD and helps provide the necessary release for extra energy.  It is amazing how much more focused students are when they can have a little movement added to their day.   \n\nFirst graders have never liked to sit still, but until now there has not been a place for them to sit that allows them to be their energetic selves. The Hokki stool design gently rolls with them allowing natural movements. My students will be able to sit, wiggle, fidget and learn! 
238:::My goal is have each of my students possess the skills and strategies to be successful in the general education kindergarten when they leave my developmental preschool.  One of the biggest challenges when teaching a lesson is catching the student's attention and maintaining that attention. \n\nMy students have been placed in special education due to a variety of disabilities including autism, cognitive impairments, speech and language disorders, orthopedic impairments, and other health impairments. The classroom curriculum is based on typical preschool foundations with a lot of repetition and visual support.  The lessons need to be interactive in order to gain the students attention and be more meaningful.  Lessons with movement and music are the most successful. \nTypically, my classroom is the first structured environment my students have been in.  Due to language delays, many of my students have behavior problems related to their frustration with communicating their wants and needs. \nWe are a Title I school with the majority of students on free or reduced lunch. The town is only four square miles, but it is surrounded by a large urban area. Fifty-four percent of students live in apartment complexes, so there is a lot of transient students.\n\nIt would be ideal to incorporate the projector into our daily classroom routine.  It would be extremely beneficial for teaching academic readiness like colors and shapes. Specifically, we could use it for name recognition with letters displayed one at a time on the screen for the students to guess whose name.  I could take pictures of my students' actual eyes, nose, etc. to teach a lesson on body part vocabulary, so they would be more interested.  There are dozens of age appropriate dance/exercise videos on the Internet that allow the students to have fun while following directions. \nI participated in a training where they recommended video social stories for children with Autism.  The projector would allow me to video behavior I would like to see or step by step directions for a skill using their familiar school environment. \n\nCurrently, I make a lot of laminated pictures to go along with stories or lessons to get the students involved.  This works for some of the students, but there is always a percentage of the students who need the big colorful images to grab their attention.  With a classroom projector, I can write lesson plans to teach academics through songs and dances that I don't have the talent to do on my own.  Adding this technology will make my lessons bigger, brighter and more effective. 
239:::My students are working on becoming more conservative with their materials and some need more hands-on materials to compound their reading adventures. \n\nI am a first grade teacher and work in a Title 1 school in Arizona. Many of my students are coming from homes where English is not the first language spoken. These students struggle with vocabulary and need a lot of visual aids in order to properly comprehend reading selections, whole class assignments and independent work. My students work very hard and make great progress over the course of a year, so any additional resources I can add to my classroom will make a world of difference in their learning. \n\nThe alphabet stamps and stamp pads can be integrated into so many lessons and small group activities for all levels of learners. This resource will help my struggling readers who need additional hands-on strategies to complete their reading.  It will challenger my high achievers to work towards accuracy with higher level words.  \n\nThe glue and tap-n-glue caps will benefit all students in this class and in years to come by helping with conservation of resources.  For years, I have struggled to maintain a supply of glue and have become exhausted requesting more supplies from parents. These two items would create a mess-free, conservative learning environment while still allowing us to integrate creativity into our learning. \n\nBoth items will be used by all students.  These are not items which only benefit one area of the spectrum of students.  Almost all of my students like to use their hands to create projects with their work, so these resources would increase engagement and lower frustration.  Students will be able to use stamps to create words before their eyes.  All students would benefit from glue conservation to ensure projects are not ruined by a puddle of sticky glue. 
240:::Imagine being 6-8 years old and having to sit on a hard, plastic chair. Now imagine being 6-8 years old, having a lot of energy, and unable to sit still for a long period of time. Those chairs do not seem very friendly now do they? Well, I have a solution and it is Hokki stools!  \n\nThe students in my class and at my school are full of energy, inquisitive wonder, and enthusiasm. They come from diverse cultures, speak different languages, and many of their families are struggling economically. The school they attend is in the state of Washington. It is culturally diverse with over 83% on free or reduced lunch and over 40% are English Language Learners.  \n\nI am requesting three Hokki stools. The Hokki stool is a colorful, durable plastic stool with slightly rounded base that transforms stationary sitting into an activity. A child is moving, even when he/she seems to be sitting still. This movement can help students with attention problems to work and learn for longer periods of time in an environment that is suited to their needs. It is an ergonomic stool that transforms stationary sitting into an activity, ideal for brainstorming sessions and other active sitting environments. When students can move their bodies while at work, they are able to keep their energy high and brain activated. The Hokki stool allows for this movement.  \n\nYour donation will help ensure that my classroom is equipped with three Hokki stools. It will help my first and second graders stay focused longer and create a learning environment that works for ALL kids. These stools will provide my students a safe place to sit while being able to move without disrupting the rest of the class.  
241:::Have you ever tried teaching something without having the material to teach it with?  This happens in the public school classroom every day!  My students work at an accelerated pace, and they need the proper materials to be successful.\n\n"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." \n\nMy students are accelerated learners and typically work at a grade level above their sixth grade standing.  I provide a  pull out service from their homeroom in order to give them more challenging work.\n\nThe students are extremely creative, think outside the box, go the extra mile, and are deep thinkers that will most likely be our future engineers, scientists, doctors, lawyers, etc...  They want work that is more challenging so they feel they have actually learned something new, instead of simply sliding through school on things that come easy to them.  They LOVE to learn and they love school.  The students crave not more quantity, but more challenging work that really makes them think.\n\nWe are a Title I school in the state of Arizona and have slightly over 600 students.  The challenging work is not at the forefront in a Title I school, it is quite the opposite.  We have pretty much lost our budget for the accelerated learners and must use our own monies to provide new material. \n\nThe requested SCOPE material contains up to date topics in the English Language Arts area.  SCOPE would provide many pieces of informational texts designed with the common core in mind and will also provide a wide variety of genre to use in the class.  The genres include short fiction, debates, speeches, dramas, history, and more.  The students are extremely proficient at debating many things, and this would provide a means to do this in a learning environment.  SCOPE also provides online features that include videos, audio articles, activities, and key assessment items.  This truly adds to the learning experience as it provides more visual information along the way.\n\nSCOPE would provide many close reading opportunities and critical-thinking beyond what we have available to use.  The reading is relevant to what is happening in the world today,  which is what these students need.  In order to help them grow academically, I need additions to the program I have at my disposal. \n\nDonations will make the difference of providing extremely bright minds with an opportunity to stretch their minds.  My students will be more prepared for the challenges that face them in the curriculum they will tackle in the near future.  It will help them feel more competent as well.  It will help my future mover and shakers of the world to go on with pride.  They will make a difference in the world as they become adults, so please invest in them now! 
242:::My 1st grade scholars live on the South Side of Chicago and attend a public charter school.  They arrive everyday eager to learn.  Due to their limited resources at home, it is urgent that they be exposed to rich learning experiences.  Please consider helping these amazing young scholars! \n\nMy 1st graders need a welcoming learning space where we can gather together as a community of learners!  My students currently sit on the floor with tape to designate their assigned rug spot.  Some students even have to gather to learn in chairs behind the rest of the class.  \n\nMy students attend a public charter school in an urban environment. They are so excited to be at school and so eager to learn! My students work independently and in groups with their peers throughout the room during Reading, Math, Writing and Centers. During these times, students spread out on the rug. \n\nI am asking for a new rug that is welcoming as well as functional. This rug is big enough to fit all of my students. The individual spaces will teach my students not only about rows, columns, and colors, but also about respecting each others' personal space.\n\nMy students will use this rug in two ways throughout our school day. First, my class will be able to meet at the rug for morning meeting, mini lessons, read aloud time, and closing circle. These are sacred times throughout the day when we meet as a community in order to learn. Having all of my students on the rug, not in chairs, will help strengthen the classroom community as well as keep all students engaged in learning. Second, my students will use the rug when they spread out to complete a word study sort, read to a partner, or work with math manipulatives that require a lot of space. \n\nWith your help, my students will have their own designated spot to sit during morning meeting, mini lessons, and read aloud time. With your help, my students will be able to spread out to work independently on a new and colorful rug. This rug will improve our classroom environment as well as keep my 1st graders focused on learning! 
243:::A new year, a new you? Yes, That's what we think should happen in our classroom this spring. We need new materials to replace our outdated, worn supplies. \n\nMy students are fantastic! These kids love to learn and come to school excited each day! I am really proud of how hard these students work each day. We are a Title One school and I have 22 students in our inclusion classroom. We have varying abilities, but these materials would allow all students to be successful. \n\nMy students would use these materials EVERY DAY! Dry erase boards and markers will be used as daily activities in reading, math, language arts, and writing. The large chart and stand will also be used in whole group times during reading for vocabulary work as well as small group times with concentrated vocabulary, phonics skills, and math facts practice. \n\nThis project will improve my students' lives by creating a stable, clean environment with materials that are readily available for daily use during instructional times. These materials are the building blocks for creating permanent learning and skill mastery. 
244:::My students have a great opportunity to participate in our Law Enforcement and Legal Services career pathway to gain a better understanding of the legal system and criminal justice system in the United States. \n\nThese students are eager to learn about the legal system, and gain a better understanding of the laws affecting each one of them.  Our school is very diverse; many students come from single parent families, and low income families in the greater Los Angeles area.  Despite these challenges, they are all eager to learn. \n\nThese resources will be used to supplement classroom instruction, and to support the multitude of activities we do in class. Student will be able to gain a better understanding of the Bill of Rights from the U.S. Constitution, and Criminal Law.  The materials I am requesting, include criminal law textbooks and resources, and the most fundamental document necessary to understand the law, the United States Constitution.  All of these will be extremely beneficial, and build on our current legal resources available to students. \n\nWe work with our students each and every day at school to prepare them to be college and career ready.  These students are potentially our future police officers, lawyers, court reporters, clerks, or legislatures.  Our goal is to give them the necessary tools to be ready to tackle the challenges that lie ahead, and choose a career that they are going to enjoy, and be successful. 
245:::Above all else, for the Love of Music" is the essential thought for the Royal Palm Beach High School band programs. The student's day in my classroom consist of smiles, hard work and attaining the collective goal of being musicians of the highest caliber. \n\nThe students in the RPB High School band believe that music is just as essential as air to survive. The student's that I teach come from all walks of life and they bring out the best in any person they meet. Their smiles will melt one's heart. The school they attend is a product of the educators and staff creating a positive learning environment that caters to student's needs for whom we love and care for. \n\nThe student's strive for the highest everyday by reaching for the goals of being their personal best in all aspects of life. They do not take lightly the privilege of being in a music classroom because the reality of the situation is that they could be anywhere else doing something that they do not love. \n\nWith that being said these students do not have all of the materials that they need to be even more successful. The students do not accept limitations and forge ahead with the group's goals even without what is needed ans making no excuses. \n\nThe students will be able to play a wider range of music if they have the supplies that are being asked for. The oboe will allow for they students to play more challenging and entertaining music for audiences in the community and on a larger arena. \nThe strobe tuner will allow my student's to take a more personal role in being prepared for class and to increase their accuracy in their musical performances. \n\nIf a person were to give to this project, they will be assisting students who, otherwise, would not have to opportunity to play and perform with these items. Even with all the will power these students posses, some items are beyond their grasp. For something to be beyond the grasp of a child's dream is a truly terrifying nightmare and that should not happen. Realizing dreams is the reason a person should give to this cause. 
246:::My kindergarten students love to read!  They read all day long across the content areas.  The reading center is a favorite of the children.  They get to read with and to their stuffed animal "friends".  They are all striving to reach a level D by the end of the year and I think fun reading helps! \n\nMy students are eager learners.  They come from a very diverse background but are mostly from lower socioeconomic families.  Don't tell them that though!  They come to school happy and hungry for new ideas!  My students are lively and energetic thinkers.  They love to learn about new people, places, and things.  \n\nMy school has about 425 children from preschool through 5th grade.  We have about 75 kindergarteners in three kindergarten classes.  There are three sections at each grade level through 3rd grade and two (for now) at the others.  We continue to be a growing community each year.   \n\nMy students will be able to read all day long in comfort with a buddy or a stuffed animal "friend".  They will be excited by the inviting colors and cheeriness of having new furniture to do such a beloved activity as reading.  Right now the reading center consists of carpet squares and some kid sized camping chairs (I have had to repair at least twice a month).  I can't wait to see their ecstatic smiles and their renewed love for the reading center when they see the new furniture! \n\nThis donation will help children in my room maintain a love for reading and have fond memories of their early experiences with books.  My goal is to create lifelong readers.  A "comfortable" foundation will make a huge difference in the enjoyment level experiencing books! 
247:::Our classroom has been considered innovative and advanced, in part because of a technology grant I wrote back in 2008.  Sadly, our 16 computers can't keep up with the new browsers or new programs that would actually enhance my students' educational experience. \n\nMy students are 5th graders from a moderate poverty area who greatly need to enhance their technological skills.  However, without the RAM upgrade, our computers seem to be getting in the way, rather than enhancing instruction.  Our school is an amazing place where community comes together to support one another and where teachers are learners, constantly trying new things for the benefit of all students. \n\nThis RAM upgrade will not only allow our computers to run smoothly and quickly; it will also pave the way to an upgrade in the operating system.  Without the latest operating system, we cannot upgrade our web browsers, and of course, the catch is, we need to upgrade the RAM so our computers can handle the requirements of the software upgrade. \n\nThere are so many wonderful educational experiences my students should be having with all the technology in our classroom, but being out of date, the technology is becoming increasingly useless.  You help in upgrading our technology will not only help my 120 5th graders this year, but hundreds more in the years to come.\n 
248:::Think about a favorite book from elementary school...  Was it easy for you to read?  Was it about something you were interested in?  How did you find this book? \n\nMy students are 8 and 9 years old.  Like most children, they love sports and physical activity!  The Jake Maddox Sports Series books join a love of reading and a love of sports.  Maybe one of these books will become their all time favorite book.\nI can just see them doing their independent reading, while stretched out under their desk or sitting in a cozy corner with these action packed books. \n\nMy students will use these books during independent reading time and as a resource to take home.  They have fought over the two Jake Maddox Sports Series books we already have, so I know these books will be a popular addition to our classroom library. \n\nThese books will encourage all my students to read.  As we are a Title One school, we have a high percentage of low income families.  By purchasing multiple copies, I will be able to allow the students to take these books home to practice their fluency and comprehension skills.  Think about your favorite book from elementary school...and help put a favorite book in the hands of a child today. 
249:::Have you ever watched a child get excited about learning? This is one of the great joys of teaching; however, materials are needed to make this happen. The iPad I am requesting can help foster this excitement. We are ready to experience the latest technology that is available. \n\nI teach third grade at a Title I school. Diversity, high poverty, and a HUGE love of learning: those phrases describe my class and my school as a whole. We are a school with over 90% low income families and over 90% minorities. School is a safe place for many of my children and they love coming every day. The majority of my students are Hispanic and English Language Learners. Most of them do not have internet at home so they do not get a lot of technology exposure. My students come to school each day excited and ready to learn. I want to keep them engaged and be able to introduce them to the latest in technology. \n\nI would use the educational apps available to help my students learn in visual, auditory, and kinesthetic ways. This would be implemented during guided math and guided reading as I work with small groups. Students would have a chance to read ebooks and complete our science and social studies research projects. This iPad would be an amazing addition to my classroom. \n\nWith your help, I will be able to put technology into the hands of my students. I will be able to provide them with advanced technology as well as fun, interactive, and engaging learning activities. They will be better prepared for their future grade levels. I want to provide them every opportunity to be the best that they can be. They are the best! 
250:::As an arts-infused school , the arts are integrated into the classroom in a variety of ways. As President Obama said, "The future belongs to young people with an education and the imagination to create."  \n\nMy students are a group of hard working students who have overcome numerous obstacles to get where they are. The majority of my students come from low-income families and want nothing more than to receive a quality education and improve life for themselves. The school is an urban school with approximately 90% free and reduced lunch. All in all, my students are devoted to their education and appreciate the arts.  \n\nThe materials being requested will be used to integrate the arts into the classroom. As an arts-infused school, we believe that using the arts in the classroom provide students the ability to use their imagination and grow as students. The Cricut and accessories will be used to allow students to create posters and projects for class. The speaker will be used during morning entry and independent practice. Additionally, students will have access to the speaker when giving presentations using technology.  \n\nThe arts allow students to be creative, engage in material, and express themselves. By donating the tools necessary to utilize the arts effectively, students obtain the power they need to grow as well rounded individuals.  
251:::My kindergarten classroom is full of learning and fun!  I try to keep my students engaged by using movement, music, and just a little bit of silly. \n\nThe school I work in is becoming more and more diverse and funding is not there to provide a new teacher with all the supplies needed for a successful classroom.  My 5 and 6 year old students are hardworking, well behaved, and eager to learn.  They have reached levels beyond my expectations this year.  Especially those who are still learning to speak and understand English. \n\nWith these art supplies(paint, wikki sticks, craft trays, dough rollers)I will be able to add an art center to our daily centers.  Students will be able to show their creativity and stay engaged with the addition of an art center.  Students that may not excel academically can have a chance to show their artistic talents and feel good about themselves. \n\nI am a first year teacher so the resources in my classroom are limited.\nHaving resources in the classroom that will keep my students occupied and engaged will allow me more time to work with my students one-on-one and in small groups. 
252:::Art rooms are meant to engage the minds of students everyday. \n\nOur classroom encourages creativity. Our classroom is in a middle school in a smaller town. We like to have access to the same things every art student has. My classroom sees 65-80 students a day. I switch to new kids every 9 weeks, so keeping the art room organized is very important.  \n\nWe need to be able to easily share ideas and stay clean while doing so. We like an organized classroom to be able to create freely in. We need these supplies to encourage to do that daily. The paper cutter is a much needed asset to my room. My students also need erasers, a pencil sharpener, staple remover and wood sticks for everyday use in our art room.\n\nThese items will help keep the art room stay clean and organized as well as provide quicker ways to get things accomplished. We need these items, it is just that simple. Any support in this effort would be greatly appreciated. 
253:::A typical day in the percussion class:  We start by taking the equipment out of the closet.  The students have about 10 minutes to do that.  Each time we pull the Vibraphone out of the closet we have to fix it.  The damper pedal never stays connected and the frame is falling apart. \n\nMy students are very hard working students.  They enjoy a challenge and take it head on.  The school itself is only minutes away from Washington D.C.  The school provides many opportunities for the students to excel.  The music program is no exception.  With this new equipment, I will be able to push my students even further in their pursuit of musical excellence. \n\nThe students will be able to perform music without having to worry about the equipment falling apart.  The students will be able to play a wide variety of music from concert to jazz band literature.  The students will learn how to work their way around the Vibraphone by playing scales, solos, etudes, and various other techniques that I will be able to teach them.   \n\nThis instrument will help the students achieve their musical goals.  It's been really frustrating working with equipment that is falling apart.  In the long run, your donation could help send a student to college that might not have had a chance before.    
254:::My Special needs students are mainstreamed 100% of the school day. By the end of the school year, all autistic students will meet their IEP goals (academic, social, and emotional) needs  in a non-autistic classroom. \n\nMy students have varying degrees of autism. They are very enthusiastic 5th graders who always want to participate in classroom lessons. We are an urban K-5 public school, with a very diverse population. 85% of our students qualify for reduced price or free lunch. Eight languages plus are spoken here at our school. \n\nAs the non-autistic students are working on assigned tasks, the Special needs students will also be fully engaged. Presently, these students are challenged with the accessibility of classroom materials. For example, difficulty with holding pencils, turning pages, audibility, and/or visuals hinder full class participation. Using the iPad with these targeted students will help overcome some of the physical and/or cognitive issues he/she is faced with on any given school day. Students will be able to control visuals, volume according their particular needs, and/or be provided differentiated curriculum while fully participating in all lessons. \n\nFor these students with diverse learning needs including their  learning and literacy difficulties and English not being their first language, technology can play a key role in removing barriers, differentiating instruction and providing tools to accommodate their learning needs and access to grade level curriculum. 
255:::All students can learn and succeed, but not on the same day in the same way, " William G. Spady said, and that is why I would like to find creative sensory supports for my students with autism. \n\nMy students have many learning challenges but are determined, curious, and creative.  We are in a neighborhood school in a large urban district.  The families often struggle financially and try hard to help their students.  My students learn best when they have the right tools to be successful.  \n\nI value developing relationships with each of my students.  I believe, to be able to learn, the student has to know that they are cared about.  I want my students to love learning as much as I do and for students with learning challenges it is even more important.  \n\nI work with students with learning disabilities, behavior impairments, high functioning students with autism, and health concerns.  Next year, I will also be teaching very young students with autism.  These students are coming from a setting in which they work one on one with an adult to an elementary setting where they will work in a regular and special education classroom. \n\nStudents with autism often receive too much sensory information.  Many children are put on a sensory diet use tools such as the items I have requested to help them overcome these challenges.  \n\nFirst, I would like to use the Cozy Shades to block the fluorescent lights as the research indicates these decrease hyperactivity, irritability, and fatigue.  Second, I would like to use the weighted stuffed animal and lap pad to help my students be able to stay seated in a chair or on the floor.  Last, the remaining items such as the fidgets, gel-e-seat, vibration toys, and timer will help them to stay focused on their learning. \n\nEach child has unique sensory needs.  It is my hope that the variety of items I have selected will help my students tolerate sensations and situations they find challenging, regulate, and increase their attention span, limit sensory seeking, and sensory avoiding behaviors to manage the school setting with less stress. 
256:::Teaching with technology is the way of the world. My students are fun, energetic and, driven to want to learn more. Technology is something that is beneficial in classrooms, especially with this new generation. I want my students to be given a modern opportunity to gain knowledge. \n\nMy students are fun, creative, smart, and talkative (when it is necessary). My classroom is like a home and my students know we are a family. I have a diverse group of students and they are very supportive of each other. They are always concerned about each other and academically they help each other to succeed. They are truly a great group to teach and I adore them. My school is welcoming and aids in providing a positive learning environment for students. My administrators and staff support others and are always helping each to be successful in their classrooms. Whenever there is an idea or plan to support the school, everyone is on board to help. \n\nHaving the Interactive Whiteboard will allow learning to be more student driven instead of teachers being the dominate voice. I love technology and I try to utilize the little materials that I do have. My students are always eager to learn in fun ways and having this whiteboard will allow me to display the skills they need in an interactive way so that my students are always engaged. With the whiteboard, students are able to watch educational videos, learn educational songs, display their work, see sample work, participate in interactive games that can be utilized in reading, writing, math, science , and social studies.  This would really be helpful for my ELL students to get more visuals to assist in their academic success. \n\nMy project will make a difference because I want to allow my students the opportunity to compete academically with the rest of society. I have taught in a school system where technology was integrated and there was a major increase in student success, engagement, and positive classroom management. 
257:::My students are bright and eager to learn. They are extremely interested in technology and because of this natural interest and motivation they are easy to teach and love to learn new things. \n\nI teach at a busy Title I school in Northern Utah. Several of my students are English Language Learners and many come from single-parent households.   Most of my students do not have access to technology outside of school.  Even though they all have a wide range of experience and abilities they are intelligent, smart and eager to learn. \n\nThese kids are especially eager for technology to hold in their hands and use. They seem to intuitively understand how to use technology and all they need are the materials and the guidance of a teacher. The iPad creates energy, enthusiasm and excitement among the children. Many types of apps are available and these apps teach skills in such a way that make the worksheet obsolete! Furthermore the children are able to learn and practice valuable kindergarten skills in a meaningful and interesting way. \n\nThe iPad is versatile and can be used in all subject areas especially in the learning and practicing of literacy and math skills. What is most exciting about the iPad is that it naturally allows for differentiation of instruction at all levels of learning, from those students who are already reading to English Language Learners to at-risk students and to students who have special needs. All can learn needed skills at their particular level on an iPad because of its incredible versatility.  
258:::Many of my students receive free or reduced priced lunch. Most of my students live at home with family, but some do live in residential programs, foster care, with friends, or they are simply in flux.  \n\nMy 124 students come from around the South Coast of Massachusetts to my high school classroom each day. Some walk, some arrive by bus, and others are dropped off by car.\n\n\n\nThe requested books and memory cards in this project are going to give confidence to my Spanish students. My students will use these books to practice their Spanish pronunciation and reading fluency.  My students will use the cards to build their sight words and basic vocabulary.  Kids are going to pick their own words to learn which is the perfect way to connect one-on-one. \n\nLearning to read in Spanish is very important and it should be fun!  Reading gets easier and easier as your vocabulary increases. This is why the vocabulary picture cards will be so useful. 
259:::Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."  This quote, by Samuel Johnson, is a great reminder for my students who work hard to reach their potential in math.  The JUMP Math Curriculum should help them meet their math goals and finally see the value of that perseverance. \n\nMy amazing math group consists of 6th grade students who, despite their best efforts, struggle to keep pace with the average 6th grade math learner.  I am pleased to say that my students work exceptionally hard and seem internally motivated to be the best mathematicians they can be.  With a slower pace and more individualized instruction, my students are progressing, but would certainly benefit from the JUMP Math Curriculum. \n\nWhen teaching a small group of learners, I am able to provide immediate and individualized feedback as I teach and as the students work on their own.  Working with them so specifically, often allows me to differentiate their learning more easily and incorporate a variety of instructional tools, as opposed to sticking strictly to the provided district math curriculum.  The JUMP Math Curriculum would be an instructional tool used to move my students forward in and/or strengthen their growing math skills. \n\nRecently, a student asked me, "When will I ever do this as an adult?"  The answer was difficult, as we were working on long division.  Realistically, many adults do not use long division in their every day lives.  I tried to explain that as a 6th grader it is impossible to know what your life might be like as an adult.  Learning these math concepts now, allows students to keep their options open as they prepare for their futures.  It is my job to teach so they are ready for ALL that comes next! 
260:::We work really hard on our learning all day! Sitting still and focusing for such a long time can be challenging. We have thirty minutes of recess everyday but are lacking the equipment needed for all students to play and be active for thirty minutes every day. Let's get our students moving! \n\nThe students at my school are amazing. They work really hard on their academics and are very grateful for the things they have. My school encourages students to take charge of their own learning and to never give up. Every morning after the pledge the school chant: Believe it, expect it, learn it, demand it, earn it, and never give up is belted out by all students. The teachers and staff that I work with are among some of the most dedicated people I have ever met. They truly love their students, and push them to meet high expectations. We have a very diverse student population and many of our students and families come from lower income backgrounds. Because we are a charter school students must enter a raffle to attend school here. The best thing about being a charter is the dedication to education that each student and family has. They understand how important a quality education is and they work very hard to achieve their academic goals. \n\nThe students at my school will be using these resources during their recess time. These resources will allow our students to be involved in more active play during their 30 minute recess time. Students will be able to play organized football, soccer, and scooter hockey games, along with some more independent play like jump roping and hula hoops. They work learn to play together, and share. They will also learn the importance of playing hard for thirty minutes and the effects it can have on their health. A lot of the students at my school say that there just aren't enough things to play with during recess and that often its the class that gets out there first that gets the small amount of balls, jump ropes, and hula hoops that we do have. My goal is for every student to have something they can use during recess! \n\nRecess equipment and resources will drastically change the amount of play the students at my school have. Many of my students do not have opportunities to play outside other than when they are in school. Students will have improved focus because they will be able to burn more energy at recess. The students at my school will also be happier. When I asked my students what they wished they could change about recess there was an overwhelming response for a playground or equipment to play with. 
261:::I'm done with my work" is what I hear quite often now from my second graders.  As my students are able to complete work quicker, they are "thirsty for more". \n\nI teach a wonderful group of 23 second graders. The school serves grades Pre-K through grade three. The technology and resources are very sparse and underfunded. The students are very motivated, and there is a variety of learning styles. The kids work in small groups daily during literacy and math. As they are now preparing for third grade, they are challenged more and the bar has been raised. \n\nMy students will be able to work on enrichment pages as they finish their independent assignments in both math and literacy. As students are reviewing specific skills, they will be able to use these resources as a guide to see where they still need improvement. Students can also use the scholastic resource to write stories for morning work or during free time. \n\nThese donations will expand the available resources I can use to differentiate instruction, especially for advanced learners. I will make "Challenge Work" for those students who can handle a challenge. 
262:::My students are great workers, but they are growing fourth graders. They sit at tables 36" by 36", so it is very hard for them to have their own personal space for working. \n\nThey're creative, hard-working, funny and amazing! We have a such a great time every learning and exploring new things. My students are Spanish immersion students. This means they receive their math and science instruction in the Spanish language. During those classes, they must also communicate and produce work in Spanish. \n\nStudents will use the privacy boards as a way to provide personal space while they are testing. They sit at tables of only 36" x 36". Being growing 4th graders, it is very difficult for them to have privacy or their space. These board will be used not only during testing, but also when they are working on individual activities. \n\nThis project will make a difference in my students' lives because they will be able to work better by having privacy and their own personal space. This will also give my partner teacher and I added assurance that students are being honest while testing. 
263:::We start each day in kindergarten by singing a song about our school family.  We love working together and playing together!  We have a close knit community where everyone feels safe and loved. \n\nIn our classroom we have artists, poets, writers, comedians, acrobats, singers, illustrators and teachers.  We all contribute to our community with our unique skills and talents.  Everyone is equally important in our journey.  We love being together! \n\nWe will use our new rug for all of our whole group activities.  We spend a lot of time building our classroom community by reading stories together, playing games and singing songs. Our classroom rug is the spot where we come together each morning for our Morning Meeting and the place where we sing our Goodbye Song each afternoon. \n\nReceiving a new rug for our classroom will greatly benefit us.  Right now, our classroom rug is getting a bit snug!  The kindergartners have grown so much this year that they are bumping into one another when they sit cross-legged on the rug.  We need a larger space to accommodate all of our togetherness!  We can't wait to spread out and enjoy our learning! 
264:::Our classroom is small, but unique. With only 3 students, we cover needs associated with Autism, Down Syndrome, and Cerebral Palsy. Our typical day is filled with smiles, laughter, challenging behaviors, and structure. The students each have different interests, but all share a love for books. \n\nMy students are wonderfully unique and filled with wonder and curiosity. We are situated in a small Chicago suburb that has a diverse population, but the majority of the students are on free/reduced lunch, and may not have access to learning materials at home. For my students who are all special needs with low functioning levels of their disabilities, their experience in the classroom is vital to their success and morale. Creating positive and fun learning opportunities is very important to me, and creating a classroom library that interests them would benefit their development greatly. \n\nReading or listening to books help them relate, imagine, and discover. We love to do crafts that relate to our readings, as well as games and obstacle courses around the classroom and school. The students are unique learners and we use lots of sensory, tactile, visual and movement in our lessons. The books will be used in lessons related to IEP goals, as well as available to students for personal reading during reading time. \n\nThese books will help improve their interest in books and having hardcover books helps the books to last longer. Many of our current books are hand-me-downs, mostly damaged. Our program is only a few years old, and have not received many classic book titles because of cost. But when we check out the titles from the library, they have great interest in them! These books will help keep their love for reading high! 
265:::Some of my students have yet to realize that math doesn't have to be boring, nor does it have to be plain ol' paper-and-pencil work! Math can be fun, engaging, and more like a game! \n\nMy students come from a very rural community in eastern Kentucky with low socioeconomic backgrounds. Our school is a Title I school, and over 75% of our population of approximately 600 K-5 students receive free and reduced-price lunch services. Students lack the exposure to S.T.E.M. content areas and struggle in the subjects of math and science. The lack of resources and funding we have available only magnifies this problem.\n \n\nMy students will use these math activity stations to help them fully understand the difficult topics of measurement and algebra required by the Common Core State Standards. They will use them to connect hands-on manipulatives to concrete topics and skills such as converting measurements, balancing equations, etc. \n\nDonations to this project will help improve my classroom by allowing my students to see that math can be fun! Hopefully, it will also spark more of an interest in the math field for my underprivileged 5th grade students and encourage them to continue to discover how they can relate and apply math to everyday life. 
266:::I want to give my Detroit students the best education, and that means meeting them where they are.  I need ink so that I can create different readings and assignments for students whose reading levels range from Pre-K to 11th grade.  Please help me create a classroom where all students can learn! \n\nDetroit Public School students are the best students in the world!  Despite the challenges they face, they come to school every day ready to learn.  I am consistently impressed by their kindness, intelligence, and tenacity.  A large portion of my students have special needs, and it is crucial that I can create different assignments and assessments to assist these students.  However, my school, like the rest of the district, is facing drastic budget cuts. We often cannot afford basic necessities like paper and ink.  This has had a significant negative impact on the quality of education I'm able to give to students.   \n\nIf I can make copies for my students,  I can create readings for my students that meet them at their level. The history textbook I have is accessible only to students who read at a 10th grade level. This is a very small percentage of my students. With ink, I can create a wide variety of readings and assignments that contain the same content, but meet students at their current learning levels.  I can also expose my students to material beyond the textbook, such as artwork, current events, and political cartoons.  \n\nThe generous donation of ink will have a huge impact on my students' learning.  Students will improve their reading skills if they have material that is at their level, and their own copies of their reading that they can highlight and annotate.  My students will be able to have guided notes and graphic organizers that will improve their note-taking skills.  I will be able to give a wider variety of assessments that help my students demonstrate mastery. Ink will help me raise student achievement. 
267:::The greatest challenge I face is to keep my students motivated, be responsible and work towards independence. Benjamin Franklin's,  "Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn," is how I want our classroom to work. \n\nMy 5th grade class is made up of fifteen students, five girls and ten boys. We are from a small rural town in Iowa surrounded by fields and farming. Our elementary school enrollment is approximately 170 students, preschool through sixth grade. We are like a family, everyone knows everyone and looks out for each other. We are small but mighty. \n\nStarting second semester we implement a behavior plan where students earn classroom cash for doing what they should be doing. \n\nThe students can earn money for making good choices like turning in work on time, meeting their goals and working well with others. They might lose money for the opposite reasons. They add up their weekly totals in their bank record books. The class votes for two people to be the banker and assistant. They are in charge of exchanging the money at the end of each week.\n\nFinancial literacy is an important 21st century skill. The auction is where they put their skills to the test. Do I want it, do I need it? How much is it worth to me? Can I afford it? \n\nWhat makes this day special is a real auctioneer! Each student gets a number to bid with. They are in charge of making sure they have enough money to cover what they bid on. It's easy to get carried away! \n\nThe donations to this project will give students something more to work for, a goal. If you want it you will need to find a way to achieve it. The items will enable students to use the skills they learned throughout the year. All in all, the students learn that you get rewarded for doing what you are suppose to do. It's as easy as that...making good choices, treating others well and going above and beyond really does pay off. An iPad Mini of your own is just the beginning! 
268:::Have you ever walked into a room that was cluttered with noise? You need an environment where you can learn and focus without unnecessary disruptions. This is what headphones will do for my class. \n\nI teach in a high poverty school in Athens, Ga. We are a Title 1 distinguished school and many of our students receive free or reduced lunch. We have a great school culture and our students get excited to use technology in the classroom.  My students do not have access to all the resources that their peers in other schools around them have.  \n\nMy class is filled with engaged first graders who are using all sorts of technology that has the need for headphones, in order to not disturb other learners around them. We are blessed to have received 10 new Chromebooks for our classroom, in addition to the listening center and two desktop computers for student use. All of these resources require headphones in order to not disturb other learners around them. \n\nThese headphones will allow my students to use technology within our classroom without disturbing others. We would greatly appreciate your support to our first grade class to help us become active and fully engaged learners. 
269:::Do you remember walking into school for your first day of school and how excited you were to see all the new things in your room? Well with all the budget cuts that is becoming a thing of the past. However I feel kindergarten students should see a well organized and inviting classroom. \n\nMy students attend kindergarten at a Title I school where 95% of our students receive free or reduced-price lunch. I am privileged to teach a diverse group each having their own unique personality and style. In my class I have children who are English Language Learners, speaking little to no English, and children from all different developmental levels. Each year the need to let children take responsibility for their own learning and to work cooperatively becomes more evident. I know you may think that is impossible for such young children. However, I can assure you that given the opportunity all children will be successful. \n\nThat is why I am asking for materials to help them stay organized so they will be able to learn while still playing and being kids. Every year I have children that love to read and pick out their own books. Presently I have two book shelves but one is falling apart and it is hard for the children to see all the books and determine which ones they would like to read. With a new book shelf and book bins I will be able to separate the books by themes so the children will have easier access and availability to them. The extra book bins will be used to store their books for independent reading time. These bins will not only help them stay organized but will help to protect our books as well. In past years read to self has been one of the favorite times in my class. The wire organizers will be used to help the children become independent. They will hold papers and supplies to be used during independent time. \n\nBy donating these materials, you will make a difference in the lives of the children in my class this year and for years to come. These materials will help them to stay organized and independent. Given the opportunity children will always live up to what is expected of them. 
270:::Our 2nd grade classroom is a wonderful and exciting place for children to learn and feel safe. We are always up and around the room whether it is math, reading, writing, etc. I am incorporating the "Daily 5" this year and the kids are exploding with confidence and eagerness. These kids love to learn! \n\nOur school is a rural public school.  We are in a building that houses K-12 students and teachers. We have a population of just over 300 students in our elementary (K-5). This school is so important to me because I received my K-12 education there and my children also attend the school. \n\nThe type of child that attends our elementary school is caring and eager. We have a wonderful group of parents that seem to be active in their child's learning.  Although this is typical, we also have some lower socioeconomic families that have great need. Our community seems to embrace all types of children and help each of them to grow both socially and academically. \n\nBooks open doors for children that are beyond our knowledge. Children that are 7 and 8 years old have limited experiences but do have imaginations that have no end. Through this gift of literature, these children will be experiencing new vocabulary, questioning skills, comprehension growth, and trips to far away lands. \n\nWith our Daily 5 language arts program, we can have small group studies that will discuss content, main ideas, details, settings etc.  This will drive our writing because it will show the students what fictional works sound like and lead them to be more creative. \n\nIn the Magic Tree House series, the characters travel to far away lands.  These experiences can help lead our social studies discussions and help us embrace the cultural differences in our world. We will use these books for silent reading, reading to partners, and group work.  The possibilities are endless. \n\nThese children are like sponges. They soak up whatever is put in front of them, if it interests them. Books, such as the Magic Tree House, will intrigue these young minds. I don't have a very large classroom library, at this point. I feel that my class will gain confidence in their reading and a love for the written word. When my son was in 2nd grade, this series "hooked" him on reading and gave him a love that can't ever be taken away. I'm hoping for the same passion for these kids. 
271:::It is that time of year when pencils and pens are running out. \n \n\nMy low income, special education students can not afford to buy new pencils and are often unprepared for class. With end of the year assessments and projects coming up, these basic school supplies are very limited. My students and their are not able to prepare them for these tasks that are so important for their future.  \n\nIf we are able to get these pencils and pens, my students will be able to come to school and not have to worry about having the proper materials to start the day. Living in low income areas and shelters, my students have enough to worry about. Having the proper supplies when they arrive at school should be standard. \n\nMy project will help my students achieve their second grade academic goals and alleviate some of the stress in their life. They have some many real world issues that need their attention that wether or not they have a pencil for the day should not be a concern. Please help us. 
272:::My Students: With a technology-centered country that we're living in, students need additional innovative technology resources like Apple TV and iPads in the classroom. An iPad would allow my students to use up-to-date technology while keeping interest sparked as they learn second grade objectives. \n\nI have 23 second grade students who attend a public school in Alabama. They are excellent readers and love researching places in our world. There are a variety of students in my room with diverse backgrounds. They love attending school, and they absolutely love to use technology." \n\nThink of trying Apple TV in the elementary classroom? My school is! I am excited about this new technology introduced at our school. In order to use Apple TV I need to purchase an iPad Mini for my second grade classroom. The possibilities of Apple TV are endless. I will be able to stream my iPad wirelessly and without a document camera. Being untethered will allow the freedom to move around and display student work. Students will be able to create projects on the iPad and then stream their creations through the Smartboard. Students will be able to view iBooks and highlight sections to increase comprehension. Teachers will be able to demonstrate iPad apps on the Smartboard as well. Having this unique technology opportunity in the classroom will expose students to the wondrous world around them! \n\nI want my students to continue to love learning. Whatever I can do to make it fun and interesting all while being meaningful, I am willing to do. Education is so very important, and the technology that I have requested would enhance our classroom learning. Supporting this project will show my students that their interests do matter and that learning is important! 
273:::Music videos have been a part of our lives since MTV brought us big hair and loud guitars!  Now, students can create their own music videos with still images and short video clips! \n\nMy students range in age from 5-12 years old. I teach 450 of the finest Pre K-5th grade students around. Our school population covers all walks of life and is ever increasing with children of military families.\n\nStudents at our school are experiencing an increase in technology through their classrooms with the inclusion of smart boards, educational software, and continued use of iPods and tablets as learning tools.\n\nI would like to add a Nikon Digital camera to the resources available to the students and staff of my school. In doing this we can introduce children into the world of digital media and 21st-century technology. \n\nStudents will use the Nikon Digital camera to document performances of others.  Students will also complete music video projects which will require them to take photos of subjects that match a theme of a particular musical piece.  Projects such as this will give students the freedom to create works of art that represent how a particular musical piece appeals to their feelings!  \n\nThis project will allow students to have creative freedom.  However, they must learn to work with others and create pieces that represent not only themselves, but a whole group effort! 
274:::No device should ever be hailed as the silver bullet in saving education nor should it be completely shunned, but when it comes to the possibility of bridging the digital divide between low-income and high-income students. Portal devices like the iPad may play a pivotal role.\n\n I am the educator of lower income, inner city students. These students, like all children, have a thirst for learning, and are capable of doing big things. Unfortunately, they come to me ill prepared and underexposed. This is due to a digital divide and disparity in the experiences and exposure that these students are afforded. The children want to be better, but they sometimes start out behind, and their possibilities of catching up seem dismal to most. Well, not to me!\n\nI attempt to expose them to as much as I can in the time that I am with them. I brought my iPad to school to expose the students to it and to show them the things that you can use it for. The look in their eyes was priceless!\n\nEducation is trending towards technology and if students do not have access to technology, they are going to be left behind. Everyone should have access to a quality education regardless of their socioeconomic backgrounds. \n \n\nLet's imagine a math class full of geometry students with iPads. The teacher says, "OK, class, take out your iPads and find the best geometric form for a deep sea submarine." What can the students do? The students can find the necessary information about how deep is deep and what kind of pressures exist there, and they can figure out the math necessary to determine the strongest geometric form.\n\nThey can also collaborate with their peers by walking across the room and showing them their results on the iPad. They can ask the teacher questions through the network, and the students can find or, better yet, create pressure simulations to predict the results. They can check out lectures from experts and professors at iTunes U, and they can share and save what they learned with other students on the network. They can graph their results, sketch a possible example of what a submarine of this form might look like, and then do a Prezi presentation about what they learned. \n \n\nAn iPad in the classroom brings education to life. Children have endless access to valuable information such as a dictionary and thesaurus which previously were only available in printed format. Interactive technology makes learning more engaging and memorable.\n\nYou have the chance to make a HUGE difference in the lives of children. These children are thirsty for exposure and experiences. Please help quench their thirst!  
275:::My students are excited about hands-on learning and can't wait to embark on the journey their dinner takes from seed to table.  By the end of the school year, I want them to be able to connect their new math money skills to healthy food growth and purchase in a dynamic plant cycle/commerce unit. \n\nMy students are all from low income families and many don't yet make the connection between school learning and life impact.  My goal is to give them opportunities that meet CCSS requirements but also connect to their real life.  I want to broaden their horizons, make learning fun and also make it meaningful to their own lives.  We live somewhere with many farms, so connecting what happens on those farms to what happens at the market to what happens at their dinner tables fits perfectly with my goals for my class.  My students also all live with hearing loss, so anything I can do to enrich their receptive and expressive language is very important.  This project meets those needs as well.  \n\nMy students will use the books and activities about plants and foods in conjunction with their expanding understanding of money  to create and maintain a class garden so that they can really understand how it all connects.  In the process, they will improve their reading skills and their comprehension skills using both fiction and non-fiction texts.  We have center time during language arts, so these project items will allow me to have a non-fiction center, a fiction center, and a writing/grammar skills center that will all connect to the same overarching theme, making learning and retaining the new material easier.  \n\nThis project will make a difference to my students because they will make connections between the real world and what they learn in school and learn some skills that will benefit them moving forward.  When my students can learn while having fun, they understand more and remember more, and this project will provide that opportunity.  
276:::Often there are moments of our school experience that we get excited for, and many of those moments have to do with hands-on learning. That is what our classroom is hoping to incorporate more of into our learning. \n\nOur students are creative and passionate about different topics. They are individuals who have lots of different interests and love to learn more about them. They attend a school where they get to know their classmates well and learn to work together. \n\nThese materials will greatly improve our unit about electricity. My students love to do experiments and learn greatly by being able to manipulate materials. They will be able to understand circuits and experience the scientific process. I envision these materials enabling all students to be engaged in inquiry and learning by experience in an effort to give them lifelong learning skills. The kit contains materials to create circuits and students will be able to create different kinds of circuits to understand how electricity travels. The study of electricity is part of a larger study on the environment, so learning about electricity leads to learning about different sources of energy and the pros and cons of each.  \n\nIt seems common place these days for schools to be lacking funds, but it does not make it any less true. This project will enable my students one opportunity to truly experience science in an up close way. 
277:::My 11th grade students want to read. Each week, we settle in for independent reading time, analyzing characters, plot, theme, and authors' uses of literary elements and techniques. Unfortunately, we have limited access to reading materials of interest to students and which engage their imagination. \n\nAs inquisitive young people, my students would benefit from having access to a high interest text that is addressing issues of adolescence as they grapple with their own coming of age stories. My students are enthusiastic, engaging, fun, and curious. Perhaps most importantly, they enjoy collaborating with one another to develop and debate ideas. \n\nWith enough copies of John Green's The Fault in Our Stars, my students could engage in independent reading with a shared text that can then be incorporated into whole group and small groups lessons that assist students in developing the skills necessary to successfully navigate the state exam in English they will take this June. At the same time, they will continue on their journey of becoming college ready, developing the independent reading habits necessary for them to complete college assignments in the future. \n\nShow my students they matter by assisting us in getting a high-interest text in our classroom so that we may analyze students' own coming of age stories as they analyze young adult literature. The development of their literacy skills is a life-long journey guided by reading great literature. Help me engage students with a book that will teach them not only about literary elements and techniques but also about life, love, and humanity. 
278:::Miss Frizzle says, "take chances, make mistakes, get messy!"  Most children naturally do this, but not all. \n\nIn class, not all my students do just as Miss Frizzle tells her students to do.  Some of my students want someone to just tell them the answer.  I want my students to wonder and investigate.  Even though my students live in a high poverty community, they deserve the opportunity to take chances and make mistakes.  I  want to bring back their inquisitive nature and let them discover.  I want them to know that they are in charge of their learning. \n\nLearning is an adventure, and books such as the Magic School Bus series take us on an unforgettable journey.  I want to take my students on an adventure just like Miss. Frizzles'. \n\nI want to take my 43 students to The Houston Zoo.  My students are going be researching different animals using books.  Why not bring that research to life?  Not only will my students get to see the animals first hand but they will also get to have an adventure class with an animal expert at the zoo! \n\nI want my students to have a learning experience that they will never forget.  I want them to take chances, make mistakes and get messy! I know The Houston Zoo will give my students a fun insight to the world of animals! 
279:::We need technology in every classroom and in every student and teacher's hand, because it is the pen and paper of our time, and it is the lens through which we experience much of our world." David Warlick\nThe students need to be able to use the iPad while keeping it safe. \n\nMy students are curious about the world.  They are our future and we owe them the opportunity to engage in learning the way that is best for them.  Our suburban school is educating our future politicians, educators, doctors, lawyers, writers, mothers, fathers, etc.  We must open them up to the world they live in.  \n\nMy students will use the iPad case to keep our class iPad in excellent condition.  They will use the iPad to explore new concepts, practice basic skills, and create.  We will share their creations through the use of the adapter cord to our Eno Board.   \n\nThe kids that sit in my classroom are eager about learning and using technology to do so.  When integrating technology into learning, my students show a much greater amount of engagement than when completing worksheets and other tasks.  The purchase of these items will help the kids get the daily opportunity to use technology in ways they have yet to experience.  
280:::During Language Arts, my students travel around the room visiting work stations.  One of those stations is a listening center.  This is an important station, especially for my visually impaired student.  Unfortunately, it doesn't always work. \n\nMy students are from a low socioeconomic area in southwest Ohio.  We are in a primary building with seven first grade classes.  At least 2/3 of my first grade class are on free or reduced lunch. My students are eager to learn.  They enjoy working on their slates, helping each other, and being read to. \n\nOur Language Arts series has CDs that contain the stories we are reading in class.  It is important for the students to hear the stories read aloud.  This is especially true for my visually impaired student.  Children need to hear good reading in order to become good readers.  When you are unable to see the words in a book, you must be able to hear them read to you.  Our current CD player does not function properly.  We need a new listening center so that all of my students can hear examples of good reading. \n\nHaving this project funded will mean that my students will be able to hear the stories we are reading in class.  All students need to hear stories read aloud.  This is especially true for my student who is visually impaired.  He will be able to join his classmates at a center and feel like "one of the crowd". 
281:::A typical day in our inclusion classroom include students engaged in  learning using the smart board with the use of technology and rotating stations for math and literacy. This class has two teachers Ms. Fields and myself Mrs. Thompson-Perry \n\nOur students are "Super Stars".  The class consist of 11 and 12 year old African Americans and Hispanic inner-city students.  They are eager to learn and especially enjoy using technology whenever it is possible.  Our students enjoy  debating over educational topics and  discussing relevant current events and literature. The tone in our classroom allows pupils to challenge each other without fear of reprimand or being put down. Even our most introverted students have come out of their shells. Students take pleasure in participating in Discovery Based Learning. They, therefore,  take ownership and pride in their education. \n \n\nEvery student does not learn in the same way. Computers can support the variety of ways learners construct their own understanding. Students learn to gather information from the Internet and use the resource available to aid them in their own learning.  Learning is therefore self-directed and independent. \n\nStudents will now be able to work through a computer-based activity at their own pace, while engaging in various teacher directed activities. Activities can now be individualized for both struggling and advance students. \n\nThese tablet will help our students to be engaged in meaningful and enriching technological activities. \n\nStudent engagement is key to the success of any lesson. This project will help us to continue to engage learners while preparing for them technological world of today through the use of vigor activities. 
282:::Technology is the wave of the future! Help my students to incorporate technology into all subject areas to enhance understanding and creativity! \n\nI am a Special Education teacher in an Integrated Co-Teaching classroom in Brooklyn. We are located in an area that was highly impacted from Hurricane Sandy. I travel with my students to math, science, social studies and English. We are a Title One school and my class is comprised of students with disabilities as well as struggling learners. Many of my students fall far below the grade level standards and need help accessing the general education curriculum. \n\nHaving an iPad mini would allow my students to conduct research, view multimedia to assist in their understanding, create projects using educational applications and allow me to differentiate instruction for each student. For example, some students benefit from hands-on activities and we would be able to engage in virtual labs in science, use interactive math programs, view primary documents and videos in Social Studies and research evidence to support our writing across the content areas.\n\nWe also engage in an online differentiated reading program called Achieve3000. Having an iPad mini in the classroom would allow us to provide reading intervention for higher level students who complete assignments more quickly, skill building support for struggling students and full class engagement in articles that apply to the content areas. \n\nTechnology will make an incredible impact on my classroom. My students respond with higher interest levels when technology is involved. Many of them may struggle to explain themselves with words, but they are more than capable of creating a visual representation to demonstrate their knowledge.\n\nMy students would be ecstatic with their success if we were able to meet all of their needs and individual learning styles through the use of technology.  
283:::My students are bright and eager to learn. They are dedicated students that need an updated laptop in order for them to be academically successful now and in the future. \n\nMy third grade students come to school ready to learn. Most of my students come from a low socioeconomic background. My students are considered at-risk and or English language learners. Most of my students do not have access at home to a computer or the Internet. Yet they are so excited and eager to use a computer at school. They need and must be able to use updated technology to be ready for their future. \n\nIf we are lucky enough to get a Dell laptop computer, we would use it to Skype our pen pals. We would be able to interview them face to face using Skype video. My students would be able learn the different cultures, traditions and background of their pen pals. My students would then use the laptop to write a biography report on their pen pals. \n\nI am so fortunate to have such a wonderful class. If we are lucky enough to get funded, it will change the lives of my 30 third grade students. By providing an updated laptop to be used in our classroom, my students will have access to their future! 
284:::We are a busy classroom of 4 1/2 - 5 year olds exploring the world around us.  We are eager to learn and we love trying new things.  We are masters of the iPad and use them daily to practice our basic skills.  We create, play, work hard and enjoy each and every day! \n\nWe are Mrs. Hill's Transitional Kindergarten makos!  We are a class of 27 highly motivated and eager learners who love to create.  We attend a K-5 Title I  school in Southern California.  \n\nOur school has a diverse population of hard working critical thinkers who enjoy working together. \n\nIn society today, students need to be able to use technology to acquire knowledge, synthesize information, and produce products demonstrating their understanding. With the iPad covers in place , I plan on being able to fully implement Project Based Learning in our classroom.  It will allow us the freedom to explore outside of our classroom and create presentations using video and pictures on our ipads without worrying that we might break them. \n\nYour help and donation to my project will demonstrate to my students how important their education is and that people believe they too can succeed. Your generosity will provide my students with the resources that they need to acquire the 21st century skills to succeed in the world today. 
285:::A place for everybody is a teacher's dream!  This rug has just that -- a place for everyone to join our whole group time and shared reading time. \n\nMy class is full of energetic learners who sometimes need to be given boundaries.  We have many times in our day when I call them to the floor to have discussions and read books.  There is usually someone who has to be first or doesn't like where they are sitting.   \n\nThis rug allows me to give each student their own space. Having this rug in my class will eliminate wasted time on where someone should sit and the arguing that occurs because "someone" is in their spot!  I can already see the calm morning meetings and shared reading times now! \n\nOur classroom will be so much more productive with this rug.  It will allow for quicker transitions to different activities.  I am excited to see how much more the students will pay attention to stories because they are in their space and not bothered by others! 
286:::How can the sun be harmful to our health? What can the sun do to our skin? How can we protect ourselves from sun damage? These are some of the questions our Pre-K students hope to answer through a hands-on science experiment about the effects of UV light. \n\nOur Pre-K program serves at-risk children, many of whom come from economically disadvantaged homes. Not all of our children come to us having had the same opportunity for learning at home. We want to provide every child with experiences aimed at developing their physical, social-emotional, and academic skills. Exploring science concepts through hands-on experiments will satisfy the natural curiosity and active learning style of our young learners. Most importantly, it will introduce them to scientific inquiry and experimentation in an engaging, developmentally appropriate way. \n\nMy students need three UV lamps, three UV detecting beads, and sunscreen.  The resources we are requesting will help us conduct an experiment about the effects of UV light and how we can protect ourselves from the sun. We will use color-changing beads and UV flashlights to test the effectiveness of different materials in protecting us from the damaging effects of the sun. Our students will learn about an important health topic, be introduced to vocabulary and processes related to scientific experimentation, and exercise their language, listening, and cognitive skills.  \n\nThrough our hands-on science experiment, we hope to not only satisfy our students' natural curiosity and develop their academic skills, but also to instill in them a love of scientific inquiry that they will carry with them throughout their lifetime. 
287:::I can't imagine how difficult a typical school day must be like for a child who has a reading disability.  Every day is a struggle - and the gap in achievement only gets bigger with every passing school year.  \n\nMy students are an amazing group of sixth graders in a suburban middle school who are suffering from a range of disabilities.  I have many students who are dyslexic, and require an intense reading program to read even the simplest of texts.  I also work with students who have a speech or language impairment, meaning that they have difficulty understanding receptive speech or display weaknesses in expressive language.  Additionally, I have students with Autism and Emotional Disturbance, as well as students classified with Multiple Disabilities.  Despite their weaknesses, these students have made incredible gains in their reading throughout this school year.  They work so hard - and even when test scores don't show it, I know how much progress they have made.  It is unfortunate, but we don't have the budget to purchase new books for my students.  A majority of the books in my room have come from my own childhood or through this wonderful website.    \n\nMy sixth grade English students need these guided reading books so that I can provide specific strategy reading instruction using real texts, rather than worksheets printed off a computer.  I need these specific leveled texts, because they will allow me to teach the skills needed so that my students can move a higher level in their reading.  I will be able to work with small groups of students, all reading the same text, to increase their decoding and comprehension.  At this point, the majority of my students are independently reading at a beginning third grade level - a full three and a half years below their current grade level!  The gap will only continue to increase if I don't provide high level, quality reading instruction using authentic books, such as these.  I have chosen books at Levels P and Q - which are at the end of the third grade level.  Moving my students to these levels will be an incredible achievement - but I can assure you, we are up for the challenge!    \n\nI wish you could see my students' faces when I tell them we are going to the library  - they truly light up a room!  I want to be able to bring the library experience to our classroom through these guided reading books.  These class sets will allow these students, as well as future groups of students, the opportunity to read real, quality literature to increase their reading skills and make them lifelong learners!   
288:::Learning becomes relevant when we connect it with reality." - Robert John Meehan\nMy students would be able to apply social skill lessons learned in my class to real life situations with the use of apps. \n\nMy students are Pre-K through 6th grade. They live in Oklahoma in an area of mild poverty. This year our school has been affected by tornado destruction in our town. My students are  thoughtful and creative children.  Social skills acquisition is paramount to resilience. \n\nAn iPad with apps would give my students the ability to build social skills as well as provide training in the the use of new technology. Lesson plans revolving around real life scenarios will allow students to apply their knowledge of  social skills to  actual situations. The iPad has applications that target these areas. \n\nA person only needs to watch the nightly news to have a keen awareness of the need for social skills education.  An iPad would deliver the latest, most current educational lessons to provide my students with small group or individual help. 
289:::Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid." \n\nThere is no such thing as a typical day in our classroom! My goal for my students is to teach them to be a contributing member of the community.  \n\nMy students are each truly unique. They face challenges that most other students their ages do not. The students in my classroom range from 5th to 8th grade and have both cognitive and physical impairments. Each student spends time in the general education classroom, to interact with peers their own age. In my classroom, we work on everything from letters and colors to graphing and chapter books. Lately, we have been using thematic units such as penguins or Charlotte's web. \n\nOur school is made up of a very diverse group of students and a large percentage of our students come from lower income situations. Because of this, it is hard to provide them with supplies and opportunities that other schools may have. Despite this, my students are the happiest and most grateful group I have ever seen. Their smiles are absolutely contagious and they carry this throughout the school. \n\nSensory is such an important part of my students' day. Many of my students have Autism or fine motor issues. A sensory table would be a great outlet and release for all of my students. In many cases, time for sensory can be a way to calm down or prepare for other settings. When anxious or unfocused, sensory is a way to come back to appropriate behavior. \n\nMy students need a sensory table. A sensory table would also be an opportunity for my students to explore and communicate as well. They would be able to play and investigate with textures (some they might not like) and then talk about it. It will lead to writing opportunities too. My students will write and describe what they felt and how it made them feel. \n\nThe sensory table can also be a chance to learn some life skills too. From washing babydolls (hygiene) to working with lacing and buttons, the sensory table can be used for endless experiences. \n\nA sensory table will open up so many doors for my students. It will introduce them to textures and ideas that they might not have otherwise encountered. A sensory table will allow for exploration and an outlet with emotions as well.  
290:::Abraham Lincoln said, "The things I want to know are in books.  My best friend is the man who'll get me a book I haven't read.\nMy kindergarten students love reading books on their  " just right" level. \n\nMy kindergarten students have very few, if any, books at home. Most have not attended preschool.  They are like little sponges eager to learn new concepts and share the joy of books with their family.  It is important that as they get excited about a book they can read that they be able to borrow it to read to their family.  Our classroom now has adequate reading materials for the beginning readers but quite limited resources as they begin to bloom with their new reading skills. \n\nMy students will be able to choose books on their own reading level to read with a small group, to read to a partner, to read to the self and, also, to borrow to take home and share with their family.  We will use the books to compare and contrast fiction and non- fiction, compare text to text, and text to self and text to world. \n\nFostering a love of reading enriches a child's life.  I always tell my students that books will help you visit places all over the world, meet people you might never see, and enrich your life in more ways than you can ever imagine! 
291:::Students at our high school need more opportunities to be creative. Why work only with paper and pencil drawings and models of a cell or a heart, when students could get hands-on and create a model of the same thing. The possibilities are endless. \n\nOur students come from a predominately rural, farming community. As a result, STEM classes and activities are not widely available because we do not have the teachers and resources to provide them. Though we live near a national tourist attraction, transportation to these areas and activities is limited for many students. As a result, our children could greatly benefit from having a 3D printer on campus to increase the prospects of working with technology. This will provide our students chances to create and compete with students in more affluent communities nearby. By providing them opportunities to work with real-world technologies, students in our school and community will be better able to collaborate with peers, produce quality designs, and vie for scholarships and jobs that would otherwise be out of reach. \n\nThe 3-D printer will be housed in the maker-space in tour library, so all content area teachers and students will have access to work with the printer. Science teachers will be able to build models of organs, cells, etc to interact with the parts and demonstrate how they work. Students in English courses could build realistic mini-models of theaters, and visual arts students could use the printer to recreate models or build their own structures to demonstrate different styles of architecture. To increase interest in technology, students could use the printer to experiment with building robotics and machine creation. If a giant 3-D printer can print small homes in China, allowing our students to be creative and come up with their own projects can increase engagement astronomically; all students need is an opportunity and plan. \n\nAllowing students in a rural community greater STEM opportunities will enable them to apply and compete for jobs and scholarships with students who have many more elective opportunities and more technological access. Students also need the chance to participate in modern production practices as manufacturing jobs have changed drastically in the last ten years. Creativity is the key to success in innovation, and our students need to be given the chance to participate in the process. 
292:::Remember when you solved a problem correctly and wanted so badly to show your teacher? Well, when all my students are sitting at their desks they aren't able to show me. However, if we were able to work in a circle on the carpet, students could show me their answers and get an instant reaction!  \n\nI work in a low-income title one school. A lot of my students live with their aunts and uncles and many cousins. They don't have the opportunity to be exposed to a lot of resources and their parents don't have a lot of extra spending money to help with classroom donations. Our school is very big. There are nine second grade classrooms alone and about two hundred students in second grade. My students are hard working, but are struggling with English as many of them are English Language Learners. These students need extra support in their reading and writing skills to  help develop their language abilities. We spend a lot of time on vocabulary and spelling patterns to help our students grow as speakers. My students also get very excited when they get the opportunity to do things outside the norm. They enjoy writing on my whiteboard and playing games to help them learn. They are great students who deserve the best.  \n\nI want to use whiteboards and clipboards in my classroom so my students can work in closer proximity to me as well as to each other. We spend a lot of time at our desks so students can have a hard surface to write on. However, I am able to help my students and catch their mistakes early when they are closer to me. I can only fit so many students at my front table before it gets too crammed. If I had whiteboards and clipboards we could work together as a class. Also, students would be able to migrate around the room and work in partners. Students would be able to make observations outside or on the other side of the room with the assistance of a clipboard. I think the use of whiteboards and clipboards would make learning more fun for my students. It would also provide me with the opportunity to quick formative assessments and a closer proximity to all my students.  \n\nI find that my students work better and are more alert when they are moving from their desks to the carpet. We would be able to accomplish more on the carpet with the use of whiteboards and clipboards. My students would be more successful under closer observation of the teacher. Students would be able to achieve more and understand more concepts by being able to practice on whiteboards, plus we'd be saving paper!  
293:::Learning should be FUN, especially when you're six years old! \n\nI am so blessed to teach 1st grade at a wonderful "high performing" school in Las Vegas. My class is filled with the most friendly, lovable, respectful kids you will ever meet! Not only are they kind and caring, but they are hard working. Every day they come to school excited and ready to learn! \n\nMy 1st grade students need educational games and activities to help them become proficient in phonics, language, reading, comprehension and writing. We need resources, including: Language Teaching Centers, Write & Draw Center, Comprehension Center, Phonics Magnetic Board, Language Puzzles, Language Quickies, Flip and Write Word Family Practice Boards, and Reading Match Ups.\n\nUsing these literacy resources in my classroom will most definitely increase my students' academic achievement. They will improve their literacy skills and be on their way to becoming high achieving readers and writers. These materials will help them meet and exceed the Common Core Standards. \n\nYour help will ensure that my students have fun, hands-on experiences to enhance their reading and writing skills. The games and activities that I am requesting will enrich the learning for the students in my class. Best of all, these materials will be used for many years, so your contribution will have a far-reaching impact on the students in my school and community. 
294:::We have a rigorous curriculum and a highly collaborative approach to learning. Class starts off each day with a challenging problem that students must discuss and solve together. \n\nI teach math, science, and social studies to 40 students at a high-need community charter school where over 93% of students qualify for free or reduced lunch. These are "high-risk" students who are driven to succeed despite their circumstances. They are eager learners and many have expressed a desire to become teachers! \n\nI have a variety of magnetic manipulatives that cannot be used because I do not have a magnetized easel in my classroom this year. Students use the easel to explain to the class how they solve problems, allowing them to teach and learn from each other. Students love to learn multiple ways to solve the same problem. A magnetic easel would greatly improve collaborative learning in our classroom. The easel also provides storage space so our materials are at the ready, eliminating any "down time" required to retrieve supplies.\n\nI invite students over to the easel to demonstrate concepts and share problem solving methods. Students also use the easel as a "center" during math workshop where they solve a problem of the day. It is the single most-used instruction tool in my room, we don't just use it for Math! It holds chart paper so we use it for other subjects as well. \n\nThis donation will improve my students' lives because it will allow them to be teachers. Students who can explain concepts or processes to their peers see themselves as capable learners. Having a functional easel in my classroom will build the self-esteem of my students and empower them. It will also expose them to many approaches to the same problem. 
295:::Technology has jumped ahead by leaps and bounds within the last decade! I want to give my students every opportunity to interact with technology so that they can be prepared to use technology in high school and in their careers after. \n\nI have the privilege of teaching 47 wonderful and inspiring third grade students each day. My students come to school each day eager to learn and discuss the material that we are reading.\n\nMy students have a variety of needs that I strive to meet within the classroom through differentiated learning and small group work. Within our classroom, we endeavor to identify areas in which students are gifted and areas in which students can improve because we believe that every child is gifted but that no child is beyond showing improvement. \n\nMy students will use the two iPad minis to research types of advertisements and create commercials and poster advertisements for their self-created products. The students will learn an important part of economics as they advertise their products for our grade-wide product market. They will gain the knowledge of economic vocabulary and see the vocabulary come to life through real-life experiences. Students will gain the awareness of how economics is in everything we do and that every decision has a cost. Students will work in groups to collaborate during the recording of their advertisements and in the research of economic concepts. \n\nYour donation will make a difference in my class by providing my students with two iPad minis to use to research the world around them. This will help engage my students in skills that will prepare them to be successful in a global economy. Using different types of technology, they will share what they know with other students in our school!  
296:::Writing and reading go hand in hand.  While my classroom has books in every center, a listening station, and a wonderful library - we do not have resources to support my students' writing activities.  We need your help! \n\nMy public preschool classroom is filled twice a day with 20 energetic, eager, and curious 3 and 4 year old children.  They love to hear stories, paint, draw, build with blocks, and write!  Each child comes to me with a different level of proficiency when it comes to being able to write.  Some already know how to correctly form letters in their name - they are ready for words.  Others are still just learning how to make marks on the paper.  The one thing they each have in common is the desire to "write" it down! \n\nThe materials I am requesting were chosen because each child will be able to use them on their individual learning level.  The tracing stamps will be used to support letter formation for both the children's names as well as writing words.  Letter formation will also be practiced with the letter tracing station and the letter cards.  Having magnetic write and wipe boards will allow me to work individually with students in a variety of tasks.  I could use our magnetic letters to provide a sample for a child to copy, the child could match letters or words, and they will be used for hand-over-hand practice in small group sessions.   \n\nReading and writing are two skills that naturally go together.  Giving my students a variety of opportunities to practice these skills will motivate them to practice their fine motor letter formation skills.  Knowing how to write the letters is an important step in knowing how to read the letters.  Donors like you make it possible for my students to enter Kindergarten ready for whatever comes their way! 
297:::The majority of my students are struggling readers that do almost anything to get out of work that is difficult. They suddenly have to go to the restroom, their pencil lead constantly breaks, they can't find their books or their paper. My goal is to show them that school can be fun and engaging! \n\nMy students want to succeed and learn along side their peers.  They want to enjoy school, but they often learn a little differently then their peers.  My students are caring, giving, helpful and want desperately to feel success at school. \n\nI LOVE science!  My students are usually successful in science because they have background knowledge and they are able to share what they know with their peers and there isn't as much of a learning curve or difference.  \n\nI want my students to continue to grow in the area of science and this project will allow them a different tool to find success! \n\nMy students will use the iPad downloadable activities for science and math. There are so many free activities that the students will have downloaded onto the iPad too.  \n\nThe students will be able to learn more about plants, animals, their five-senses and weather from the activities included in this project. Students will also be able to practice skills on the calendar, as well as phonics, decoding and comprehension skills that we will have additional access. \n\nI am so excited about all of the possibilities of learning that can take place in our classroom by adding the iPad.  It is my goal to bring more technology into our classroom for our students and this project is able to help with this goal. This project will help to improve our student readiness skills for reading and math. It will also help our students continue to build their science knowledge.  \n\nPlease consider donating to our project and help our students build their academic successes! 
298:::Science is all about discovery, and that is the challenge I issue my students everyday.  Students should be able to have fun and learn at the same time through inquiry and curiosity!  \n\nI teach at a high poverty, urban school.  Most of our kids are on free or reduced price lunch, and come to us from elementary school with low reading levels and very little science knowledge.  It is our job to prepare them for state testing and raise their levels and life experiences across the board. In my opinion, there is no better way to do that than through hands-on activities and increasing their higher order thinking capabilities through inquiry activities.  If we encourage children to learn by engaging them in high interest and "fun" activities, they will learn the skills they need and actually enjoy school in the process. \n\nI plan on using these materials in my classroom, as well as sharing them with my fellow science teachers.  We will use these items in lab stations to teach our students the law of conservation of energy and the states of energy in a practical and very visual way. The law of conservation of energy can often be a hard concept to grasp for students. When they can see the energy inside the plasma globe, and see how it can power an ordinary fluorescent light; it will help them visualize energy transfer and how energy is conserved.  With the Van de Graaff we can create a human chain and let the electricity flow.  \n\nThis educational gift will have an impact on approximately 350 8th grade students every year.  As adults we have been to a science museum and seen these things and had the chance to experiment with them.  For many of my students, my classroom is the only place they will ever be able to see or touch anything like this in their lifetime.  Science is not a priority in their community, and something as simple as a plasma globe can "spark" the curiosity for greatness!  
299:::Our classroom motto is "Personal Best". Students tend to compare and compete with each other. They come in with varying abilities and experiences. Setting personal goals and meeting them builds confidence and creates an environment of continued success. \n\nOur school is located in a rural farming community. We meet in an older, but well cared for building. It is a very family oriented community and school.  We have a large Amish population. Many of our students have limited experiences and limited English language. Some of our families have minimal resources to provide for their families. The majority of our students have good attendance and a strong desire to learn. The teachers and staff work very hard to meet the individual needs of our students. \n\nThe Elmo Classroom Vision Document Camera with Wireless Slate will allow my students to see any documents, materials, and objects on the projector screen. This will give every student the same opportunity to see, follow, and participate in any activity. The Wireless Slate will allow me to interact with a document while moving about the classroom to help students stay on task and monitor student progress. \n\nThe opportunities for learning and building students' experiences are endless.  Every book, every picture, object, will be projected so all students can see it immediately. The ability to interact with what is projected will help students stay focused. Students can receive immediate visual feedback as they are participating. We all know that keeping students focus and on task is a huge part of the learning process. I feel that the Elmo Document Center will be a benefit to all of my students. 
300:::A typical day in my classroom opens the eyes and minds of my students to the many issues that plague our planet. My students' interest levels are always piqued by the stats that I share with them at how much we waste on a daily basis in our lives in terms of paper, food, water, and even energy.  \n\nI teach an Advanced Placement Science course to underprivileged inner city students. This is their first exposure to a college level science class as well as their fist time being required to log on to a class website for lectures and being required to email homework assignments in to me. Each day students are given handouts to guide them through labs that are often focused on how we are harming our planet and are expected to complete work at a pace suited to a colleges expectations.  \n\nAs an environmental science teacher it is always hard to make copies of handouts when I teach my students about harmful chemicals used to bleach the paper and of course the detrimental effects of deforestation. Unfortunately, I must, as they need the handouts to guide them through the assignments they do in class. I am requesting 4 iPad minis so that each group can have one and the assignments that used to have to be on paper can now be digital. They can be downloaded onto the iPad as a pdf in iBooks prior to the class. This is a great opportunity to practice what I teach and model a sustainable way of teaching using technology to drive the classroom instruction.  \n\nTeaching an environmental science class to NYC students who for the most part have never experienced much of the concepts i teach about or really can relate to global problems, it is hard to reach them. To make them see that our planet is in danger and it will be up to them to do something about it. I hope by cutting paper completely out of my classroom via the iPad minis it may open some of their eyes and minds that our planet is suffering and every person can make a difference.  
301:::A man's heart, away from nature, becomes hard; [the Lakota] knew that lack of respect for growing, living things soon led to lack of respect for humans too. -Luther Standing Bear (c. 1868-1939)\n\nMy students will get to explore and learn about science and social studies on an overnight trip. \n\nMy group of students are hard working, diverse, and want the same opportunities that other students receive.  They study hard, come to school every day and dream of a future for themselves.  We are a classroom with 92% poverty, so many students receive breakfast, lunch and even dinner at our school.  \n\nMany come with hardships from their families or communities.  They have seen more trauma than many of us have seen in our lives.  Even with their hardships, they come to school every day and work to be successful.  Many have dreams of becoming scientists, teachers, authors, doctors and lawyers.  \n\nI believe these children need more LIFE experiences that they can get 'outside' of the classroom.   Many haven't left their neighborhoods to explore the outdoors or enjoy nature.  These students need an opportunity to walk through the forest, smell clean air and learn science and social studies in an outdoor setting. This could change their lives. \n\nMy classroom will be able to learn about plants and animals outside, and walk along trails while exploring pioneer life.  They will learn about furs and the fur trade, learn how to use logging tools, experience pioneer life, have a campfire and make their own dinner.  These life experiences will not only help students appreciate the outdoors and nature, they will be our only field trip of the year.  \n\nDue to funding, our school does not have the money to support any kind of field trip.  This trip will have a great impact on how they see nature in their future.\n\nStudents will be highly engaged in hands-on projects throughout the entire two days.  During the night, we can come together at a fireside and sing songs and perform skits.  Many students have not had the opportunity to leave their homes or ever be in the woods.  For most, this will be their first time camping and exploring all what nature has to offer. \n\nThis will not only improve the learning of my students, I believe that it will have lifelong impact on how they will view the outdoors, nature around them and the excitement of learning new things.  Not only will they be exploring the nature around them, they will be able to leave their urban neighborhood and explore the tranquility of being in the woods and the natural elements.  I've had students leave this trip before and talk about it years later. 
302:::Science is one of the most important but least emphasized subjects taught in Kindergarten.  Most of the emphasis is placed on Reading and Math.  But understanding science can open up a whole new world for students that can help them learn math and reading.  \n\nI teach 19 Kindergartners  in a Title 1 school.  Most of my students receive free or reduced price lunch.  They did not have an opportunity to attend preschool or PreK.  They are coming to school with very few life experiences to help them be prepared to learn.  \nEven though my classroom supply budget is almost nonexistent, I still try to provide lots of hands-on and real life activities and lessons for my students.  These are the lessons that help them learn.   \n\nThese Stem Science centers and Project Based Stem Activities will provide hours of hands-on lessons and activities for my students.  The science journals will help them write about what they have observed and done.  Writing about their experiences will really help to cement what they learned in their little minds.  These resources will help take my students' learning to the next level.  These Science centers and journals will provide the activities and lessons that will prepare my students for the future.  They will instill a love of science that could encourage them to become doctors, nurses, chemists or botanists.  The possibilities for my students will be endless if I can use these resources to instill a love of science and discovery in them.   \n\nThese science centers and journals will provide opportunities for my students to discover and learn about motion, plants, water, and many more science concepts that they need to be successful in school and in life.  These science journals will help them to truly understand what they are learning about by writing about their discoveries and experiences.   
303:::My shop is in a Title 1 school and my students are constantly challenged by the world around them. Many of my students do not have access to tools and equipment to learn with at home. We have very few power tools and are shared by over two hundred students every day.  \n\nMany of my students have dreams of going into technical jobs or degrees and need wood shop to help them learn and prepare for their future. College is not an option for all of my students. They need to learn good career based skills and knowledge in specific fields to help them find good careers. Students can use Jig Saws for cutting both wood and metal projects in class. A jig saw can be used to cut out detailed wooden designs and  saw can be used to cut both large pieces of wood and metal into manageable pieces. This tools along with blades from you generous donation will give my kids the opportunity to greatly further their learning, understanding, and education. \n\nThese tools can allow my students to do numerous projects to expand their learning. I have planned bird houses, cutting boards, metal barbecue pits and many other things that they see and can use in their everyday lives. The added tools will allow us to no longer have to wait around taking turns using the few tools we have.  \n\nThese tools will not only expand students' learning but improve their experience in the shop. At this time my students work on several smaller projects out of supplies such as paper and balsa wood because we only have three jig saws, no working band saws, and one table saw. We have to share these tools in classes which are around 28 students. 
304:::Time to go to the computer lab! A happy chorus of yeahs can be heard from the students.  When we get to the computer lab the children eagerly sign on to their assigned math or language art activities. But alas..."Mrs. Potell, I can't hear what they are saying!" \n\nWe are a Title one elementary school with an amazingly dedicated staff and active supportive parents.  Our students come from lower income homes and rely on our school to provide daily meals, library books, and access to technology.  Our staff works hard to provide a well balanced curriculum and engage students in their own learning. We proudly offer opportunities in theater, orchestra, visual arts, dance, and hands-on science. \n\nThe headphones I am requesting are for the computer lab at our school and would benefit the entire school.  Our students love the opportunity to engage in interactive learning activities on the computers.  Without headphones, however, students complain they can not hear and proceed to turn up the computer volume.  Soon all the computers are blaring and the benefits of hearing stories, practicing phonics, or creating slides with presentation software is soon lost.\n\nThe new Common Core standards require all students to become computer literate and be able to utilize technology in research projects and presentations.  Additionally, students will be expected to complete their state tests on computers and type in responses to questions. \n\nTechnology is an integral part of the new Common Core Standards that all schools must transition to.  Technology, used effectively, can help all students meet and exceed their learning goals.  As a school, our goal is to provide access to tools and resources that create an engaging and relevant learning environment.  The headphones will allow students to use the available technology more efficiently. 
305:::We are plowing through book after book in our lunch time book club and I can't keep up with the demand! I need a few more titles for book club to make it to the end of the school year! \n\nAt our school, 95% of our students are economically disadvantaged. I started the book club to give them a safe place to go during recess. I wasn't expecting so many kids to sign up! I can't fund 30 books a few times a year with my library funds.\n\nOur students come from all over the world! With 48% classified as English Learners, our challenges to reach them are numerous! They appreciate even the smallest kindness you can give them. They are great kids! Our students don't have much at home. Many live in hotels but here at school, we enjoy giving them the gift of knowledge! \n\nOur book club students give up their recess once a week to come in and enjoy book club. We engage in "book talk" and review what we've read so far. We play trivia games and other activities to fit in with the book or genre that we are reading. The students enjoy recommending books to other students and finding new books that they might not otherwise have bothered to pick up. \n\nBooks are power for these kids! If we can get them exciting about the opportunity of reading, who knows what they can accomplish! Reading is a gateway to many paths that would otherwise be inaccessible to our students. 
306:::My students are hard-working and eager to learn 5th graders. They all want to be at school, and try hard to achieve great grades and excel in their testing! We need resources to help them get INSPIRED to read more non-fiction! \n\nMy students come to school every day, sometimes in bitterly cold temperatures, to learn.  My students are TRULY excited about learning more each and every day!  We work hard to make learning exciting!  Our school is a historical building in our town, and has tons of character!  It is fun to walk the halls and see all of our students chatting about what they are learning. \n\nMy students need 45 copies of the graphic novel - The Wright Brothers: A Graphic Novel, to help them get EXCITED about non-fiction stories and to use during reading instruction. Reading a graphic novel helps students to be more engaged and excited about the story that is being presented to them. With non-fiction, anything that will help a student to truly get excited is worth it!! Once a door has been opened to a new genre, many students run through the door and keep on reading! With the Common Core Standards being implemented, students need to be familiar with non-fiction. This will help them to get their feet wet in a genre they may have never tried before! \n\nMy students lives will forever be changed when they learn that history and non-fiction is as enriching as all their fiction stories!  They will truly have FUN learning about things that impacted their lives hundreds of years ago! 
307:::Remember when you first met some of your favorite book characters?  I know that some of my students love to re-meet their beloved characters over and over!  Our kindergarten students feel so proud when they have read a story and can tell all about the fun musings inside each book! \n\nOur kindergarten classroom is filled with vibrant, hungry learners!  My students come from homes that often lack the resources to allow students to have adequate preparation and practice for school.  We are in a high-poverty, urban community school.  Our bright learners are ready to soar with the help of school supports! Each student loves to be read to and is eager to read independently!  Our school is working to have students who learn to love literacy early and to build a strong foundation to become deep thinkers, strong writers, and to foster a yearning for learning throughout their lifetime.  As a community school, we believe that we are making strong families when we are giving students tools to be learners, and in turn, leaders who are prepared to excel! \n\nWe will be eagerly anticipating use of our read-along cds in our literacy stations daily.  We are in need of exposure to differing types of texts.  Students will be able to listen together to a story, revisiting common themes and characters.  Many of the stories selected work on building self-esteem and understanding diversity.  This is something we focus on in kindergarten in order to create a "can-do" attitude! As a classroom, we can improve our tracking and recognition of print, sight word recognition, listening for key components, fluency, predicting skills, and comprehension of the story. After students complete the listening of a story, they will be working on a written response to a question that follows the story.  This will help students improve their written expression and their ability to understand simple questions.  Students will need to use clues found in the pictures and text to aid comprehension, as well as use inference skills as they think and read. \n\nOur kindergarten students lack the opportunity to hold complex texts in their hands on a daily basis.  Having texts that are read to students will improve their engagement and the students' interest in reading similar books in the future. Before students can read on their own, they must have frequent examples of fluent reading.  Students will be able to close the reading gap that exists between children who come from print-rich homes and those that lack resources outside of school for reading! 
308:::Creating and retelling a story is hard to do if you are a beginning reader. I want to give my Kindergarten students a boost to their imagination and help them comprehend and retell the books they are reading by having a Dramatic Arts Retelling Center after reading their leveled books. \n\nMy 20 Kindergarten students attend a Title I public school in a beautiful coastal town. All economic levels are represented, as well as students with English as their second language. Our state has adopted the New Core Curriculum which has integrated Art into the curriculum.\n\nWe live in a resort/fishing town with lots of migration in the off tourist season. Our school is small with only 3 teachers per grade level. Our community is close and most everyone works in some type of trade to benefit the resort areas. We like school and learning about the past, present and future! \n\nI have requested leveled reading books for my K students and a set of dramatic art costumes! My students are learning to read. According to the Common Core, my students need to read and be able to retell what they have read to develop the critical thinking skills needed in our global society. \n\nI pull my students into small groups to read leveled books under my guidance. The other students are working in centers using technology, illustrating, and hands on activities. Once my students have read a book, it is difficult for them to retell what they have read. I feel that dressing up and acting out what they have read will help. Having wonderful dress up clothing will appeal to any 5 -6 year old child's sense of adventure. Retelling the stories with dress up clothing after they have read the book with me, will help them grasp this difficult  Common Core standard. In this Dramatic Arts Retelling center they will help each other make dress up choices and work together to retell the story. \n\nHaving these dramatic play costumes for their story telling and the leveled reading books I have requested, will help my students become better readers. As they are acting out the stories they read they will make connections to the book.\nI want to share my love of art with my students throughout the year. I need these supplies to do this. With the help of the Lily Sarah Grace Fund my students' academic lives can be enriched and their critical thinking skills enhanced through the arts. 
309:::My students are sixth graders in an intermediate building in a rural school district. Many of them are unable to encounter new experiences due to the high poverty level of the area.    \n\nMy students have an incredible opportunity, due to many fundraisers, to go to an outdoor camp for a week.  While at this camp they learn about the environment, ecosystems, survival skills and team building skills.  They also get, for many, a once in a lifetime opportunity to go down zip-lines, climb rock walls and complete rope courses.\n \n\nWe are looking to extend the learning experiences obtained from camp and would do so by reliving experiences through the video footage. The students would also build their technological skills by uploading and creating a series of videos depicting not only their knowledge of the environment but also the challenges they have overcome. \n\n\n  \n\nSharing the knowledge captured in these videos with other students in the building would extend their learning of the environment and its many parts.\nMy students find camp as a highlight to their school career and they love the experiences they have in the outdoors. Having the opportunities to create videos revisiting their environmental encounters and discoveries will keep them engaged and excited about learning.  
310:::Welcome! My students abilities are endless and they teach me something new every day. My students are part of a self-contained autism program meaning they are with me 100% of the time. The program helps meet each childs individual needs. \n\nMy students are hungry, not only for food, but also for organization in the classroom. In my classroom each student is assigned to a color which helps them navigate through-out the classroom. The students follow a strict schedule which is color-coded for every part of the day. When things are not organized and do not have a place in my classroom my students can have anxiety. \n\nHaving this coat locker will help my students with organization and know that they have a special place for their materials. We will be able to color-code it and attach their daily schedule. When they come in the morning they will be able to come in and know where they need to place their folder, lunch, and jackets/sweaters. They will be able to have 1 place for everything they need through-out the day which will help with any anxiety they might have. \n\nMy students will have access to everything the need in one available spot instead of spread out through the classroom. This will help greatly with not confusing what goes home with who as well.  
311:::Kindergarten students want to see everything in the world around them. Having the chance to see something through the lens of a microscope is even better! \n\nMy kindergarten students attend a title one school in Georgia. I have a smaller group of students this year to help students who were identified as needing a smaller student to teacher ratio. Our goal is to help them gain skills they did not come to kindergarten with such as learning science investigation skills and how to better observe the world around them. \n\nWith these microscopes and magnifying glasses, my students will be able to view their world close up.  Students will be able to take a close look at rocks, plants, and other things they are curious about. Handling and viewing actual examples is much more fun than just looking a pictures! \n\nThese magnifying glasses and microscopes will replace scratched up magnifying glasses and a torn up microscope that we currently have so that students can view things clearly as they observe the world in which they live. 
312:::Due to the the current economic challenges facing our society, many of our students have not been able to visit local attractions to enrich themselves both academically and socially. Sadly, students have not visited museums, aquariums, planetariums and zoos that most adults take for granted. \n\nOur third grade is comprised of special and general education students from varied social economic backgrounds. We teach third grade in a moderate poverty area. Our school is a K-4th grade school. We provide our students with as much as we possibly can, because we know that some of our students will not be provided for when they are home.\n\nPart of how students benefit from field trips is by gaining new perspectives on the world. We want to give our third graders an amazing field trip experience, but with a minimal school budget we do not have funds to pay for field trips. Having the chance to visit a planetarium to learn about space rather than reading about it in a book may inspire some of our students to become involved in the scientific field as adults. \n\nIt is so important to inspire our students inside and outside of the classroom to increase engagement in science learning. For many students, the school field trip is the only opportunity to visit a planetarium. Field trips introduce students to different worlds which can be enjoyed throughout their lives, and will hopefully inspire lifelong learning. 
313:::By the end of the year, I want my students reading fluently at grade level. Engagement translates into work ethic, focus, and determination for my students. After thoroughly enjoying reading "The Hunger Games" and mastering countless standards, I think it is time for another dystopian novel. \n\nMy students all qualify for the free lunch program and are 100% English Language Learners. Most of their parents don't speak or read in English, making it even harder for my kids to get on level. They are fun, bright, optimistic kids, yet reading and comprehension practice scares them and makes them nervous. However, they love dystopian themes. I have found many of my students have enjoyed reading books like Divergent, Maze Runner, Ender's Game, and the rest of the Hunger Games trilogy. \n\nTo supplement our English Language Arts curriculum, we will be reading "The Giver" as a class (aloud, with partners, at listening centers and independently). We will then apply the English standards for the week to the chapters we have read. For instance, the grammar will be the same, just with sentences from and about the story. This level of engagement and integration has been very successful in the past in achieving mastery. \n\nDonating to our project will allow us the opportunity to be positive and successful during English Language Arts. We will be able to end our year with a wonderful novel. It will be a chance for us to love reading and all bond over characters and a plot. We will imagine together a world unlike our own and try to understand that world. We would greatly appreciate this opportunity. 
314:::Do you remember the feeling of picking the perfect book from the library?  One that you were excited to read and could independently?  My ready readers are tackling every book in my classroom library with ease and are looking for a bigger challenge.   \n\nMy twenty-one enthusiastic students range in age from 5-8.  They love to explore, create, and use their imagination to learn content being taught in the classroom.  As a large, urban district in downtown Indianapolis, they are diverse in background, but have come together to create a strong and united classroom community. \n\nWhile my students vary in reading level, I have a handful who need harder, more text heavy books that will challenge them.  It is always a challenge to find books that are an appropriate level with content that students will understand and appreciate.  The books I am requesting will enhance my classroom library in a way that makes in accessible to all, including the highest readers in our room. \n\nMy students will use these books on a daily basis to enhance their comprehension, fluency, and many other reading skills.  The variety of books requested will open my student's minds to new topics, both through fiction and nonfiction, and show them that just right books for them exsist!   
315:::My students are eager to learn and to discover new adventures. \n\nMy students are children that live in a low-income urban area in New Jersey. They are great students with a willingness to learn new things. Many of them have never been to a museum or had the chance to explore what opportunities there are for them outside of the classroom. This field trip will give them an opportunity to learn outside of the classroom. \n\nMy students will be able to learn and treasure the memories of this fun and exciting trip to the museum. This activity is in line with the Common Core standards for writing. Standard W.2.7 states that students will participate in shared research and writing projects (e.g., read a number of books on a single topic to produce a report; record science observations). Students will be able to participate in the workshop on dinosaurs and see other exhibits at the museum. This will be another way for them to gather facts and information for writing a report on dinosaurs. \n\nI'm sure you remember your class trips and how they enabled you to expand your learning. My students deserve the same opportunities. Your donation to this project will allow these children to explore and discover learning in a new way. With having minimal funding for class trips, your support is needed to make this possible. 
316:::Have you ever had to sit on a cold, hard floor? My students sit on the floor several times throughout the day. We have one small rug in our classroom that the students take turns sitting on. Sitting still is overrated, especially in the classroom! This is why my students need 5 yoga balls!  \n\nMy students are in the fifth grade. They come from a town that is extremely rural and where poverty is extremely high. Most of my students come from low-income homes and cannot even afford school supplies to bring to school. My students do not allow their socioeconomic status to bring them down, they come to school each day eager to learn and succeed in the classroom.  \n\nMy students have regular plain chains that they sit in at their desks. The chairs I am requesting are like yoga balls, but they have legs on them. I would put these by the five computers in my classroom. My students do not have chairs for the computers, they usually sit on crates or on their knees, or they drag their chair from their desk. These yoga chairs are not only comfortable for my students to sit on, but they are excellent for students with SI, ADD, low tone, and processing disorders. \n\nThese chairs will not only provide my students with a luxurious seat, but will accommodate my students with ADD and ADD tendencies. These yoga ball chairs will provide my students with a place to sit during small group time at the computers. \n\nIt will help them say, "Goodbye" to the hard, cold floor, and "Hello" to exciting new yoga chairs. My students will be so excited to rotate groups to the computer station and will be excited to be successful learners! Any donation to my project would be greatly appreciated!  
317:::Music class is a time for creativity, fun, and self-expression. \n\nMy students attend an urban school, where 95% of students live at or below the poverty line. Our students are motivated learners that come from diverse living situations. Our families see the school as a safe place to gather, learn, and find support. The students love music, and are glad to have it during the school day. \n\nStudents will LOVE to sing into the microphone and hear their own voices soaring above the music!  I have found that amplification encourages vocal creativity, and this portable PA will be a perfect solution for the "traveling" music teacher, as I will be able to take it room to room.  The PA will allow the class to be more student-driven.  Sometimes a kid wants to be a leader in the classroom, but a soft, shy voice might make that dream impossible.  With a microphone, even the shyest student can be inspired to lead. \n\nStudents may have seen a famous pop star using a microphone, but have never had that experience themselves.  The portable PA puts the "rock star" experience within reach.  They will have so much FUN with this! 
318:::Reading gives us some place to go when we have to stay where we are" (Mason Cooley).  Imagine never venturing beyond the city where you live.  My ESL scholars are eager to explore beyond their neighborhoods.  Using nonfiction, I want to provide my scholars with a place to visit while reading. \n\nOur school serves low-income families, and nearly 50 percent of our scholars are second language learners.  Learning a new language as well as new information challenges them.  However, they are eager to reach their reading goals.  They want to explore and fill their futures with opportunities for work and college.  They know they must learn to read to succeed.  Learning a new language as well as new information at school challenges them.  Research shows that once new language learners master a second language, they will do as well or better than their English-speaking peers in school.  This motivates them. I would like to create a reading activity workshop to teach reading and new language skills using nonfiction books and materials. \n\nThe nonfiction leveled readers and comprehension cards will take my scholars on a reading journey.  From diving with dolphins to witnessing a volcano, these materials will give us some place to travel together all while boosting vocabulary and comprehension, learning fun facts, and exploring stunning photos.  The Vocabulary Activity Stations, Reading Comprehension Activity Stations, and Phonemic Awareness Learning Centers will supplement the scholarly reading activity workshop I would like to create.  These materials will also support other content areas including science and social studies. \n\nMy ESL scholars are eager to explore the high-adventure of nonfiction.  Reading levels and confidence will increase as we travel and explore with these new materials in our classroom.  My scholars are tremendously grateful for the opportunity to acquire these fascinating new reading materials.  Please support their desire to read, succeed, and inch closer to reaching their reading goals. 
319:::My students have variety of significant disabilities they work on building life skills that will help prepare them to be as independent as possible in adult life. In class we cook, sew, practice with money and use the city bus.  \n\nMy students have variety of significant disabilities. They are wonderful kids who have to work hard to overcome the challenges life has given them. They need all the confidence building activities they can get. Sewing is a great source of confidence.  \n\nStudents will sew a variety of simple sewing projects. For example we have sewn scarves, tote-bags, hot pads, and aprons. They take these projects home to use. Students learn not only sewing skills but machine safety, patter reading, following directions, how to fix mistakes, and the amazing ways they can create something with their own two hands.  \n\nWe currently have only one sewing machine so it makes it difficult for students to sew frequently enough to retain what they learn. Having a second machine would double the frequency with which student could work on sewing.  
320:::My students are busy and excited to learn in my class. Although, my class is eager to learn our biggest challenge is organizing and transiting between activities. We find ourselves losing variable time trying to find our supplies. Having these supplies would help our transition time tremendously! \n\nI have 21 students in my kindergarten classroom, 13 of them being English Language Learners. I provide my students with ESL instruction and strategies to help them be successful. My students are kind, caring, and always ready to learn. My students come to school ready to learn and are always engaged in their work. My students live in a high poverty district of the city. All students at the school receive free breakfast and lunch. We are a Title I school with an enrollment of 950-1000 students. A large percent of the students are minorities. Most of the students are unable to afford school supplies. \n\nWe will be using the no-spill paint cups and paint carrier for art activities. We need an organized way to store our paint and a mess free area for our masterpieces. We will also use the scissor center to help us be organized and have the scissor ready to use. The supply caddies will help us use color coordination at our tables and help us be organized for easier transitions. The writing center will help us to organize our papers and writing journals. This will help the students focus and concentrate with less distractions. This will also help the students with classroom organization. \n\nThe donations will help to provide my students with an easy transition from one activity to the next without causing interruptions. Normally, the students have to get up and go to their cubbies to get their supplies. It is almost impossible for the children to remain on task and it can get chaotic during this process. Having their supplies readily available on their desks will prevent this distraction and loss of instructional time, keeping the students on task to maximize their learning. 
321:::My students love working on the computers. The new reading series is based on the students on reading level plus their reading interest. The reading series have been effective to increase students' reading level at least by half a year. I hope to have all students on grade level by year end. \n\nMy students consist of regular ed. and special ed. students. Most of my students are on free and reduced lunch. The major of my students are below grade level. I have 1 student that is Hispanic, 4 African American, 20 Caucasian students.\nThe school is a Title I school. Most of the students do not have computers or Internet in the homes. The use of the new reading series that our district is adopting will not benefit our students because they will not be able to access the reading series at home. iPads will give more students in the classroom to access the reading series. \n\nIn my classroom I am using the Daily 5. During the Daily 5 students will have time to read to themselves and others. The iPads will be used during this time to help students practice reading to themselves and others. Students will also be able to use the iPads also to help with different games to help with reading, writing, and math skills too. Students will be able to the iPads during other times in the school day. \n\nThe iPads will help my students increase their reading levels. It can also help with math and writing skills too. It can reach the students who like to work with technology. One of the goals for our school is to use more technology in our school. This would be a great start to adding more technology in my classroom. 
322:::My students have not experienced hands-on activities that teach them about science. This year, I plan to create fun and educational activities that inform my students about energy, magnetism, electricity and how its applied to their day to day lives. \n\nMy Pre-Kindergarten students come into school every day eager to learn something new.  We are one Pre-Kindergarten classroom in a Title school with more than 600 students.  I currently have 38 students.  I teach two periods. During period one, I have 18 students and period two I have 18 students. \n\nAll my students are English Language Learners  who need additional materials to support learning new vocabulary and skills, simultaneously.  All my students lack resources at home to support their academic learning goals, so with all these materials children will learn about science. My students need a Magnet Discovery board, a Life Cycle Sequencing kit, insects, a Science Station sink and Float, a Push and Pull magnet discovery station and Science books. \n\nThese explorations will continue as children use attributes to classify and sort objects, make observations and predictions, problem-solve, compare and question.  Children need to learn about sources of energy by investigating and discussing light, heat, electricity, and magnetism. 
323:::My students are artistic, creative, and participatory.  They love to engage in hands-on activities, projects, and discussions.  We would like to take Show and Tell to the next level with a Real World Math Fair. \n\n I teach 136 students who are very expressive.  Each day, I strive to engage them in activities that are meaningful and make learning active.  However, this can be challenging if I am doing all of the talking.  As far as interactive lectures go, I think I do pretty well, but nothing is more exciting for students than the opportunity to present their own thoughts and their own work.  \n\nFor this project, I would like to go beyond asking students to share what their group came up with or share their solution on the board.  I want students to have the opportunity to take center stage and put their own creative spin on one of their favorite lessons. \n\nThe students will use the presentation boards, construction paper, and ink to prepare Algebra & Economics display boards to accompany a variety of presentations at our Real World Math Fair. Students will make an in class presentation of an Algebra or Economics topic of their choice.  Students from each class period will select 6 presenters to represent their class at the Fair. \n\nLearning for the sake of learning is a beautiful thing; however, the application of what you have learned is what counts in the real world. Our Real World Math Fair will give my students the opportunity to  share real world applications that we have learned in Algebra & Economics with other students, parents, and the community. 
324:::My classroom is full of voracious fourth grade readers. The students show a desire to learn about the world around them. I want to be able to provide my students content rich nonfiction so that they can better understand the world as they formulate their future career paths.  \n\nMy fourth grade classroom consists of 14 boys and 11 girls. The students are energetic and love to read quality nonfiction books. They love to read about animals, history and biographies. They haven't had as much exposure to nonfiction as I would like, so I am anxious to change that. \n\nIt is vital that students are able to understand nonfiction in order to be college and career ready.\n\nWe are a low-income school located in an urban environment in Western Washington.  \n\nMy students have over 90 minutes a day for reading instruction. Many report that reading is their favorite activity. This collection of nonfiction books will enable my students to learn more about the world they live in. \n\nMy fourth grade students will be able to read and explain the information they have learned from their nonfiction reading provided with this collection. \n\nAs they present the information, they can work on their speaking skills. Others will then be able to learn new knowledge gained by listening.  \n\nAfter twenty years of teaching, my classroom library has become well worn. A new collection of nonfiction books will energize my students and give a boost to their reading focus.\n\nIt is my goal that students learn about the world they live in. Their lives are being shaped and they are beginning to think about their hobbies and occupations as they reach adulthood. Nonfiction resources help with this process. \n 
325:::Sitting in one location all day long is overrated.  My students need to move and function throughout the classroom space. \n\nMy students are full of personality, and are hungry to use different tools and materials to make their learning more meaningful.  I have 21 fifth grade students who I hold dear to my heart.  They deserve the best, and I hope I am able to meet that expectation for them.  Our school is located in an urban district where poverty has a HUGE impact.  Many of my students do not have resources outside of the classroom (where we have few) in order to support with their learning.   \n\nThis tablet will be a great addition to our center rotation.  Every day during centers, each group of students visits our technology center.  However, there are only 2 computers for all 21 students, and some of them do not get to use them during that time.  Having 1 tablet added to our centers will enable more exposure of technology to my students during our day.  They will be able to use different websites to help support different lessons taught throughout the day.  They will also be able to take tests online to practice for the upcoming standardize testing that will require them to take tests online. \n\nDonations to this project will improve classroom learning and exposure to technology.  It will change my students' lives for the better by making sure that technology is something they feel comfortable with.  I want to make sure that they know how to navigate themselves using technology and do not need me to guide them through sites step by step.  New Jersey plans on changing their test taking to online tests, and I want to make sure my students are ready for it. 
326:::My goal is for my students to see geography in their lives every day. Many students have no idea where their food, language, culture and material items come from. Many of those questions are answered through geography. The biggest challenge is getting students to understand differing perspectives. \n\nI feel like I have the best students a teacher could ask for. They are respectful, care about school, and most have taken an interest in geography. They make my job not really seem like a job. One of the best parts of my job is seeing my freshmen grow up and graduate high school, then move on to college and be successful. The parents of my students are for the most part supportive and involved in their child's education. \n\nSee that picture? That's my students and I during the filming of a Harlem Shake video last year. They came up with the idea when we made masks and memory gestures to represent vocabulary words. It was awesome! \n\nOur student body as a whole comes from mostly low to middle incomes families. Approximately 65% of our kids qualify for free or reduced lunch services. Many students come from single parent households or live with extended family members. Our administration is supportive of teachers and is willing to try many approaches to help students that are struggling. \n\nGlobalization and the concept of supply chains are major aspects of my class. Students learn about manufacturing regions and where the things they use every day are made. We've also discussed how 3D printing can revolutionize manufacturing and many of the students were fascinated by the concept. \n\nMy vision for this project is to allow students to design and print projects that relate to our curriculum. I can imagine my students printing 3D maps of an area we're studying, or creating & printing products used in other cultures. I have some very imaginative students who would create some amazing products.\n\nI believe the MakerBot can show students the entire process of manufacturing, from the hatching of an idea, the design phase of the product, and finally ending with the building of the product. I think it could be very beneficial for my students to see this process firsthand. \n\nDonations to this project will improve my classroom because it will give students a very clear idea of how products are manufactured, and how the diffusion of 3D printing technology throughout the globe may eventually change the way everyday items are made. \n\nAdditionally, I think having a MakerBot in class will spark the interest of many students in pursuing a career in one of the STEM fields. I think working with a MakerBot will be something they'll always remember about my class. 
327:::Technology is the wave of the future and my students already know it like the back of their hand. I want to incorporate many opportunities to use technology and have fun at the same time. I have a student that joins our class via Vgo (robot) or iPad. The students love connecting through technology.  \n\nMy students are great at working together and involving everyone. We have a lot of fun together and we make education fun. We have a special student who joins our class via Vgo (robot) everyday, all day. She participates in every activity the other students do and we make he feel like she is there with us. My students are all very kind hearted and would do anything to make others smile. I am very proud of my class and the great kids they are blossoming into.  \n\nThe students will use the iPods to listen to books and record their voice reading the book then playback. They will also use them to contact the other student via FaceTime to work in partners. The students are very familiar with iPod technology so the integration will be smooth. The students can find many uses for iPods such as, educational games, activities, flash cards, notepads, voice recording and educational songs we listen to in class.  \n\nThis is a project I have been dreaming to incorporate into my classroom. I had the opportunity to observes iPod centers in a classroom and the students were so engaged and working and great educational apps that offered them deeper insight into the curriculum being taught. The integration of technology is very necessary for this generation. I also feel it would be very beneficial to my cause of going paperless and protecting the environment.  
328:::My students are struggling readers in first grade. This is the most important time for these young and eager students to gain the confidence and understanding of reading concepts that are necessary to be SUCCESSFUL readers.\n\nMy students are eager and excited to learn all they can. They come from low income households where books and school supplies are often not available to them. My students often come to school with little experience of being read to and often lack a true love for reading and being read to. I want to give my students the confidence and joy that reading a story brings, in an environment that has all the necessary supplies readily available to them. Success in reading will cultivate success in writing.\n\nI hope to provide my students with the books they need in order to enhance the Reading Recovery program at our school. These 100 books are leveled specifically for the Reading Recovery program that is being used in my school. These wonderful books will continue to expand the library the children use each day during their Reading Recovery lessons. These amazing titles will continue to help my students build their reading skills and a true love for reading as well. Please help these little children. They have so little and the smallest of things bring great big smiles to their faces. I want them to learn and grow no matter what adversity they may be facing now.\n\nThere are many students in my school who are reading below grade level. These materials would help give the neediest of students a great chance to build their reading skills and their confidence as readers and get them on the path to future reading success!
329:::Our school is special in that we specialize in Fine Arts. However, there are not nearly enough creative outlets for these kids. As a teacher with a background in Fine Arts, I am trying to open students up to the art of calligraphy in our new Calligraphy Club. \n\nOur students are relatively underprivileged. Our school is a Fine Arts School, but it is in its first year and is still developing. Many kids have had the bare minimum exposure to drawing and painting, singing and dancing, and acting. However, they learn how talented they truly are when they do gain exposure to these opportunities. By opening up a Calligraphy Club, it is just one more opportunity for kids to learn a rare art form that will truly help them stand out of the crowd on high school and college resumes. \n\nAs someone with much experience in calligraphy, I understand that this art form begins with the basics before it flourishes. It requires much skill-building, which is why we will begin with calligraphy markers and practice pads to introduce the fluidity of lines and line width, as well as basic letter shapes. They will spend their half hour of club time forming letters with the markers and practicing control of the thickness of lines.\n\nWe will then master writing quickly and using a more connected flow between letters, before graduating to using the ink pots and metal nibs to formally address invitations and create personalized gifts. These real calligraphy pens are challenging, but are fun to use! Many students have already followed my lead by using the calligraphic font to write papers, create thank-you notes to teachers, and incorporating it into their Fine Arts classes. I am excited for them to use these tools and learn the art of writing! \n\nMany may not understand the benefits of calligraphy, but it is an art form that helps students improve penmanship, requires attention to small details, and provides a creative outlet outside of our Fine Arts classes. It is a skill that not many possess, and it is truly a fun way of keeping kids out of trouble while helping them become students that truly stand out of a crowd. 
330:::The majority of my 7th grade New York City students read far below (3 to 4 reading levels) what is suggested for their grade level. The problem worsens when supportive reading in math class is DRY! The math library at our school needs an overhaul; the growth and success of my students depend on it!  \n\nMy students come from low-income homes and arrive at school looking to better themselves through accomplishing their dreams. In developing a love of reading and creativity, they are bound to succeed! My students live in the shadows of miraculous feats of design and art - the bridges, statues, and skyscrapers of our city have the power to inspire and this resource must be tapped to teach! Though they coexist with these marvels, my students lack access to technology and books that would speak directly to them about the wonders that abound in the places in which they live. \n\nThough we face the challenge of low resources, I can ensure the success of my English Language Learning students when they are able to relate to the significance of READING EVERY DAY. As we explore Math, we must have inspiring books that support our study of Math. Each of my 90 students is an inherently creative genius, no question about it - DRY reading material stumbles the desire to grow.\n\nI want to build a math library in my school that caters directly to the interests of my students at all levels. Books that explore the beautiful design and purposeful architecture of fantastic structures will help my students develop design, mathematical, reading, visualization, and planning abilities VITAL to their successes as members within each of their communities. \n\nI will tailor math and reading lessons that build upon my experience in carpentry, design, art, and construction. My students will draft their ideas, represent and present them to their peers, and view the works of those that have done the same - through which they will come to understand that learning can be redeeming and fun!\n\nPlease help all of my students explore how much fun reading and math can be and provide them with these beautiful, educational books. 
331:::Our AFJROTC graduates have completed a 3/4 year program consisting of studies in Aerospace Science, Leadership Education and Survival.  They leave high school with a background replete with leadership challenges, opportunities and successes.  They are today's leaders and tomorrow's future. \n\nOur students attend a Title I eligible public high school with an overall student body population of ~3000 students.  Our Air Force Junior ROTC Corps of Cadets is 125 strong spanning all 4 grade levels and is a representative sample of our diverse student body population.  Despite differences in social/economic status, ethnicity and gender, our cadets remain a cohesive unit, with each cadet supporting and contributing equally.  Our Corps is cadet run with the cadet leadership guiding all cadets toward accomplishment of the cadet-selected goals.   Many of our cadets enjoy leadership positions in other school clubs and organizations.  Other cadets are multiple sport athletes.  Many cadets are honor roll students.  Our cadets enjoy strong faculty, community and home support and all strive to set the example to the other student in our school.  Our cadets are motivated and dedicated and will enjoy every success in their future endeavors, whatever they may be. \n\nEach year, our Air Force Junior ROTC graduates 15-20 seniors who have completed a 3/4 year program consisting of studies in Aerospace Science, Leadership Education and Survival.  These cadets leave high school with a background replete with leadership challenges, opportunities and successes.  To highlight those successes, the Air Force Junior ROTC instructor cadre provides each graduating senior with a shadowbox.  These 8 x 8 shadow boxes contain each cadets name tag, rank insignia, qualification badges and ribbons/medals earned during their Air Force Junior ROTC career.  Unique to each cadets, these boxes celebrate 3-4 years of hard work, increasing levels of leadership and responsibility and the successful passing of the torch to future leaders.  These cadets leave high school knowing they are leaders for today and the future of tomorrow, a bright future indeed. \n\nThese shadow boxes serve to highlight each individual cadet's accomplishments and successes while a member of Air Force Junior ROTC.  All the awards and rank earned by the cadet is on display for all see.  These boxes tell the truly unique story of each graduating third or fourth year senior.  Due to this individualized recognition of accomplishment, younger cadets are inspired to continue their pursuit of excellence in all aspects of their schooling. 
332:::Kindergarteners love to move! Their little bodies are made for running, skipping, dancing and wrestling. Sitting still can be a challenge for them, and teachers need all the tools they can to help teach them this skill. \n\nMy students are 19 energetic kindergarteners from a small town in Northern California. Our school is located in a sunny, eclectic town that encourages their children to follow their individual spirits, respect their planet and work together as part of their community. Our schools reflect these beliefs, and try to meet the needs of the whole child. \n\nMy students will use a Rainbow Rug as a tool to teach them where their defined space in the classroom is. They will learn where they are expected to sit, how much space is appropriate to take up, how to gauge their own personal space bubbles (on and off the rug) and how to respect the space of others. \n\nHaving an appealing new Rainbow Rug will be a wonderful and fun tool to help teach my students about personal space! This will cut down on conflicts in the classroom, ease those cranky after lunch squabbles over who is sitting next to who, and help us focus on academics.
333:::We all fall in and out of love, especially when it comes to reading. For many teenagers, reading for enjoyment (or reading at all) has become increasingly extinct among their list of things "to do". My classroom routine offers time, encouragement, and resources to develop that love again. \n\nMy students are typical teenagers, age 15-16, with a wide variety of reading interests. Many of my students have fallen out of love with reading and are resistant to the idea of picking up a book. With our class routine, students are becoming passionate about reading again (or for the first time) and are looking for options that aren't always readily available from my shelf of "used yard sale" finds or are unavailable in our school library. \n\nMy students are given 35 minutes of individual work time each day where they are encouraged to not only complete the work for our course, but to actually spend intentional time with a book of their choice. The results have been phenomenal so far. Most of my students have increased both their appetite for books and their reading ability. 90% of my students have quadrupled the number of books they normally read in a year...just within this first semester! They are ravenous for relevant reads and running out of new material. \n\nThis project will continue to fuel my students' desire to read and eliminate the barrier of accessibility to relevant reads in the classroom, school library, or public library. You can help! 
334:::I have the sweetest students in my classroom. One of their favorite things to do is eat. I am requesting gardening materials to teach my students about healthy eating and hunger issues in our community. A secondary benefit is that the students will learn where food comes from. \n\nMy students are a group of 30 five year Olds. They are ethnically and socioeconomically diverse. Most students are learning English for the first time. The majority of families would qualify as "working class" and or "working poor". They all are very happy to have the opportunity to come to school each day.  Kindergarten is a true garden where my students bloom into readers. \n\nI requested tools to create an edible garden. I requested gardening pots, seeds and more to teach the students about healthy eating and hunger issues in our town. I would like to create the garden right in front of the kindergarten wing of the school. The students will be able to create the garden in small groups. Each getting a turn to plant seeds and take care of them. \n\nThis garden will accompany a science unit about healthy eating. The students will learn about how important it is to eat fruits and vegetables. I believe the garden will give the students a chance to take ownership over their own nutrition. It will show them where the food at the grocery store comes from. In addition, the garden will give the students a chance to try new foods they may not have experienced before. \n\nAs a secondary benefit the school will become beautified by the garden. We live in the desert so unfortunately there is not much green anything. It will be the first time for most of my students to see foods beauty and color own their own. \n\nDonations to this project will not only help my students but the entire school. It will bring greenery to a place that doesn't have much available. The garden will teach the students about how food, plants and vines grow.  Also emphasized with be the taste testing of new fruits and vegetables and the importance of eating healthy.    
335:::A typical day in my classroom begins with 7 rotations of small group lessons. This means that while I am teaching 6 children, there are others using our computers, doing work at their seats, or playing learning games. Four of those rotations are for reading skills. We certainly stay busy! \n\nMy students do a really great job of focusing on learning during our mornings. My challenge is finding fun ways for them to practice skills that I have previously taught. The trick there is making sure the materials are challenging but that the directions are easy to understand so that there is actual skill practice rather than confusion. \n\nMy students love playing games together, but I do not have that many options currently. They play vocabulary, sequence, and drawing conclusions games, but there are so many additional skills in fourth grade that definitely take repetition for mastery. \n\nIt is often the more specific skills that get overlooked, and consequently, students miss these skills when assessed. Idioms, homographs, homophones, misused words, similes, metaphors, and words with multiple meanings are a few that challenge fourth graders. \n\nI have requested 9 games that support these skills. With the help of these materials, I know that my students will be much more successful in remembering so many additional skills this year.  Because these are all separate games, they can also be shared among my grade level. That means that we can rotate games through all four classrooms and support about 80 students instead of 20! \n\nMy students will be able to use one or two games per day. They will be much more memorable and supportive than worksheets with the same skills on them. These are skills that we cycle through during the year. We revisit them several times, which means, these games would support learning for the whole year. \n\nDonorschoose.org donors have done so much to help my classroom! I feel truly fortunate to have strangers all over the country who are willing to support my classroom and me. The students get so excited each time they learn that we have new materials coming and that we will be writing thank you notes after trying them out. \n\nThis is very motivating to their learning and to my teaching and I can't thank you enough! 
336:::Some of my students are brand new to the world of athletics and physical education.  They are introduced to all kinds of activities such as Soccer, Softball, Football, Baseball and even Ultimate Frisbee.  I love to yell "atta baby" when I see a student enjoy success on the blacktop or on the field. \n\nWe are a medium size school of 1200 students.  This is our first year that our school now serves sixth through twelvth grade. The addition of our middle school students has been wonderful.  Our School is an inclusive learning community engaging and empowering all students to actively take ownership of their education and future. \n\nOur school sits rights next to the San Francisco Bay and the salt water air and dampness play havoc on some of our equipment which has to be left outside.  \n\nWe need a replacement net for our portable Batting Cage and a replacement vinyl skirt for our portable Batting Cage. Our portable cage is used by all of our Physical Education classes and some of our Athletic teams.  Our students will be able to use this improved portable net in many of our activites.  Activities include Football, Softball, Soccer and \nBaseball. \n\nThis donation will improve the quality of my teaching.  It will give me more time to work with my students since or they will not have to run and chase balls that have been kicked or hit.  It will give me more time to work individually with students on certain drills and improve their game which they can take with then to the next level.  Bottom line is that it will be more fun for my students. 
337:::This is the age where students really start to hate Science and fall away from a subject our country desperately needs more people to fall in to. Why? Because many schools can't afford the basic supplies needed to take science out of the text book. Please help keep science interesting! \n\nI teach 140, 12 and 13 year old students every day. They are at a very important cusp in their lives. They may be starting to get an attitude and become more interested in the social aspects of things, but they are also still very interested in school and learning new information. They still get excited when I do a demonstration and they are beginning to really be able to understand scientific concepts with some depth. They love doing projects and labs. They are able to have in depth discussions about topics they'd previously only skimmed the surface of. And, the best part, they are finally starting to understand how it all impacts the world around them. I love this age and I love my students! \n\nWe would be using these materials to help us do more projects and labs. Currently, I have only one pair of scissors for every two students. This becomes a problem when they need to cut anything for anything. I often have to team them up for projects which could be a lot more interesting and personal if I had enough supplies for everyone to do their own. All I have for coloring in diagrams are half used items at least 3 years old. Surely you remember what the old bucket of crayons looked like in school. All broken and only browns or yellows could be found. It may sound silly to you, but in my reality, I lose student interest every time they can't make something look nice. Which is more appealing to you, coloring in the systems of a human body with various shades of brown so you can see where the digestive system is located, or color coding the systems of the human body with bright fun colors and being able to really take in how many organs and systems you have keeping you alive? \n\nBy funding my project you can help me be my best and give my students a reason to stay interested. They are 13. They want to socialize and compare each others' weekend plans. Help me keep their attention. Help me make science fun and interesting! 
338:::The Disney Program is a great way to teach my students about the environment. We are studying ways to improve the world around us. I take my kids on environmental trips once a month to explore different animal habitats and conservations to see how animals live in their habitats. \n\nMy students are amazing. I am a third grade teacher, in a CTT class, so I work with a co-teacher and have both general education as well as special education students. Most of our students are low income students who get reduced and free lunches. Our school is in a low income area and is largely populated by ESL students.\n\nOur students range in levels from the most struggling to the highest achieving. They are supportive of one another and are always looking to better themselves. \n\nWe need more technology in our classrooms.  By having handheld tablets that are portable to allow students to have access to the Internet, and be able to take pictures during our nature walks. They can look up information, write notes quickly, and share their ideas with each other more efficiently.  They will be able to write their observations and findings about our environmental trip.  \n\nWe also need books about nature and animal habitats, so students can make comparisons and find information in the classroom. \n\nTechnology is so important in our world today. So many of my students do not get any type of technology at home. If you choose to donate to my project, you choose to donate to years of students learning and using technology they would not get without your help. 
339:::Imagine sitting in class, unable to sit still, but you so badly want to. You want to be like everyone else; raising your hand, writing down notes and participating. My students face the challenge of being "different" every day. \n\nMy students are awesome. I teach students with special needs in grades 5-8. Many of my students have sensory needs that sometimes distract them. They may need to wiggle as they sit, touch something as they write, let out anxiety by biting or squeezing, or they may need a special multisensory approach to learning. The materials I am asking for will help level the playing field for these students, helping them to succeed with their typical peers in an inclusion classroom. \n\nI have asked for a multitude of sensory tools. I asked for two chair cushions that have bumps on the outside and are filled with air. These have the same benefits as an exercise ball, but are easily hidden and easily transported. I have also asked for a variety of fidgets including putty, squeeze balls and cloud clay.  Students can roll these objects in their hands while they listen to a speech or while they write with their other hand. As a bonus, having a fidget can keep a nervous student in class, especially when all they want to do is leave the room! I asked for some special chew tubes that are placed on a student's pencil. If a student has biting behavior, these can be used to replace the self-injurious behavior and are cleaner.   \n\nMy kids are seriously amazing. They come to school, face many challenges, and still walk around smiling. I hope that the small bit I've written about them inspires you as much as they have all inspired me!  
340:::The only opportunity for some of my students to experience technology is in the classroom or at school in the computer lab.  Having tablets would add to their technological experience and help them understand the changes taking place in the world around them.  \n\nI have 22 Fourth grade students from Georgia,  who come from low income homes and are not exposed to the changes in technology.  They are eager and willing learners who love to use the computer and new technology I give them.  They enjoy coming to school and love to discuss the new and exciting things they learn about. \n\nMy students will use the tablets for research, improve reading and math skills, and focus on learning how to use the latest technology to improve all skill areas.  They will use them during small group instruction where they will have the opportunity to explore hands on learning centers and activities. \n\nMy project will give these students an opportunity to receive an educational experience that they would not have otherwise.  They will have access to technology that will not only give them life skills but help them improve their academic skills as well. 
341:::Our middle school library is the heart of our school. Students gather here frequently throughout the day to read, do research, and work on school-related projects. \n\nHardy Middle School is a Title I public school located in the District of Columbia serving approximately 375 incredibly hard-working students that come from a variety of different backgrounds. We have some native Spanish speakers that are learning English, as well as many students who want to advance their Spanish skills. Additionally, we have a beautiful space for our library, we just don't have comfortable seating to make it a true oasis. \n\nWith these Spanish resources, students can improve upon their Spanish literacy skills. Reading literature in another language takes learners another step further in their journey in becoming bi-lingual. \n\nWith the additional comfortable seating, students will be more inclined to spend additional time in the library and be encouraged to use its resources. \n\nOur students rely on their school library as their primary source of information and place to go for research and learning. To meet their needs our library should provide Spanish language resources to our Spanish speaking students as well as our students taking Spanish classes. \n\nTo provide more comfortable furniture for our students to read while using the library would make our library truly top-notch. 
342:::Among the various classroom activities throughout the day, we always make room for a half-hour silent reading time. Students love this part of the day, but, in order to keep investing my students in the joy of reading, we really need a classroom library update.  \n\nMy students consist of 26, sixth graders at an elementary school on the Rosebud Reservation. Investment in reading is something that I strive for tirelessly in our classroom. Our reading and writing skills are generally very low. I have a detailed plan to work diligently with my students to help them read and write on a proficient level. An updated classroom library that is reading-level specific is an integral part of making this plan into a reality. \n\nWith this newly updated, grade-level specific library, students will no longer have to sort through books they've never heard of and are worn out, beat-up copies of years gone by. Instead, they will find fresh, new, and exciting books to draw their attention and bring a new energy to silent reading time. This renewed vigor toward silent reading time is essential in driving student ownership and investment in individual reading. Once students have ownership of their silent reading time at school, learning how to determine what types of books are at their 'independent' reading level, they will have a much easier time finding books at home to engage with! And once this independent reading becomes habit, literacy and writing skills sky rocket! \n\nThe plan I've established for my classroom is idyllic, but it is only possible through a serious monetary investment in books. Unfortunately, I do not have the capability to purchase these materials and worry that my students will never have access to incredible pieces of contemporary and classic literature. That is why I ask for your help. With these materials, my students will have a renewed vigor and personal investment in silent reading, and their literacy/writing skills will soar. 
343:::To enjoy and learn from what you read you must understand the meanings of the words a writer uses". You do yourself a grave disservice if you read around words you don't know, or worse, merely guess at what they mean without bothering to look them up.\nCharles Harrington Elster \n\nWe are a Charter school in Florida and our school's focus is on the arts and sciences. Our curriculum's arts and sciences focus allows students self expression through the arts and develops critical thinking skills which are tools for students to succeed in education and beyond. Our school's diverse population adds to each child's learning experience. Our mission is to prepare our students with the tools necessary to become independent thinkers, learners, and contributors to society. My class is a first and second grade combination class. My students are inquisitive and hungry for knowledge. Their diverse backgrounds provide many teachable moments to bond our classroom family. \n\nDictionaries will be a great resource for my students to expand their vocabulary and increase reading and writing skills. Many of my students do not have internet access at home or resources to aid in vocabulary acquisition and spelling skills. Dictionaries will provide this resource for them. Students will be allowed to check them out nightly to assist with reading and writing activities. I will use them in the classroom to increase skills in writing, grammar and reading comprehension. \n\nAll students need this valuable resource so that they may develop into competent and confident learners. A diverse vocabulary increases reading comprehension and aids in written expression. Donations to this project will put my first and second grade students on an equal playing field with their peers. 
344:::Many studies have shown than families with a high poverty level are known to struggle with literacy more than their middle to high income counterparts. Through intense instruction in vocabulary, print concepts and word study we can begin to close this social achievement gap. \n\nI work in a large inner city school, for which the surrounding areas are plagued with violence. Each day the staff and community come to work to put their heads together to come up with a solution for the lag in achievement. While there is no one cure all, there are tried and true ways to reach literacy success. One such way is to improve the vocabulary of the student. \n\nI am looking for ways to supplement my literacy instruction. My students write each day, we read each day, we discuss each day. And while I have seen improvements in all of my students, I would like to push them further. During my time as a teacher, I had the opportunity to pursue Montessori certification. This educational journey allowed me to gain a deeper insight into strategies to reach every child. One thing I noticed is that when children have choice (within boundaries) they experience a greater level of success. The child that chooses a book to read will enjoy reading more than the child who is told to read. As I prepare my environment to help students  become intrinsically motivated I see the need for opportunities for educational choice. Everything can not be a lesson directive. During center time I would like to offer my students additional word study activities. The materials include idiom, multiple meaning, homophone and prefix and suffix games for exploration.  \n\nAs stated earlier, there is a large gap between the achievement of economically disadvantaged students and those of middle and upper class. Donations to this project will be utilized to supplement a strong instructional base in literacy, while developing an intrinsic motivation to learn. 
345:::Technology can help students become more engaged in learning and make instruction come to life! \n\nThe students in my class have special needs, both physical and academic. They are the most wonderful, hard working and caring individuals. Having access to iPads, I would be better able to provide these students with more engaging, meaningful instruction in all academic areas. Many of my students are unable to use traditional computers due to their limited motor function. Having an iPad would not only enhance their education by having access to so many more apps and resources, but would help prepare them for their futures. \n\nThe students will use the iPads in many ways. One way will be to gain access to thousands of books on their individual reading level through apps such as Raz Kids. They will also reinforce math instruction by using engaging apps such as Show Me, where students record themselves solving a problem and can verbally explain the steps they took. They will use the iPads as a form of communication to interact with peers and adults. They will use the iPads are a classroom accommodation, so that they are better able to participate in the general education class with their non-disabled peers. The iPads will also be used as an assessment tool because many of my students are unable to take traditional pencil and paper assessments. \n\nThe ability to use an iPad will change my students' lives. They will be able to complete activities and participate in class in ways that they have never been able to before. They will have a better chance to experience the success that each and every one of them deserve. Learning will not be frustrating, it will be exciting! 
346:::Our classroom is eager to read and write and we move quickly from activity to activity so it's been hard for us to stay organized. We want to have a special place for our stories from yesterday and the book we were in the middle without taking time out to get organized. Keeping organized is the key! \n\nOur classroom of 18 first grade students comes from 9 different countries around the world. We have our own little melting pot. When we get together each day, we are at our 'school home'.  The school is 98% free and reduced lunch in an older building with equipment and furniture that is out of date. We could use some refreshing and a new look to make it a more appealing place to be. We are not only working on our academics, but life skills, good character traits, and being the all around best people that we can become for our future. Students bring few if any school supplies and look to their teacher for most of their needs. \n\nMy goal is to teach children that what they have should be kept to grow and learn from. Taking pride in your work and keeping it to review. If each student had a work area to store papers they could see their growth and improve their writing skills. If each student had their own book bin they could place the books they are interested in, a sticky note pad, writing tools, and a notebook to reflect on. Our reading workshop has students study a book more in-depth and they need to have all their resources at their fingertips to easily meet their daily learning goals. Reading back their work to the class and getting feedback from their peers is beneficial to their learning. Having all the resources for them to use is my goal. \n\nA central location for the storage bins and student work bins will help me to give students immediate feedback and response to their lessons. I will be able to see their work at my fingertips instead of hunting in desks for the work. Students will be able to clean up and transition to a new activity with ease once they have place to store their text and papers. 
347:::My students are emerging into really reading! This is the year for them to fall in love with chapter books. It has been an amazing process to see their fluency improve and their interest in books grow right along with it!  \n\nMy school "captures kids' hearts" on a daily basis.  The staff works really hard to keep kids engaged in high-interest, challenging activities that promote academic achievement as well as foster the love of learning!\n\n3rd grade is an exciting year for my students.  This is the year that they learn to write in cursive, tell time, and write stories. One thing I especially see happen in them is a spark for independent reading.  Many fall in love with reading for the first time.  \n\nWith chapter books and also books that are part of a series, students will become easily engaged with reading and hopefully fall in love with a series. I envision the characters from these books being discussed at length.  Students will enjoy the self esteem that comes from being able to read a book all the way through and then anticipate the next one in the series.  \n\nFluency is critical for comprehension to grow, and the best way to improve fluency is through lots and lots of reading. It is imperative to have access to interesting books that are on a user-friendly reading level for this to happen.  Funding this project will make a huge difference for kids that are just beginning to experience the joy and skill of reading! 
348:::Who wants to be comfy? My students will love to snuggle up in a comfortable spot with a book.  \n\nThe school I work at has 55% economically disadvantaged students. I work in a collaborative classroom with a mix of students with many different needs. My students love to read. They will be excited to be able to sit in a comfortable spot. They will all strive to do better so they can be rewarded with a cozy seat.   \n\nI will allow my students to sit in these bean bag chairs as a reward. They will be so excited to sit in a special location. This will greatly improve their behavior because it will add one more thing to the list of rewards they could achieve. My students will be able to focus more while reading if they are in a comfortable position.  \n\nMy students will feel more comfortable and they won't have to sit on the hard floor all of the time! This will improve student behavior because they will have to earn the chance to sit in the amazing bean bag chairs.  
349:::Four new books just arrived last week and they look like they've been in the hands of boys for years!  The Choose Your Path books we received recently are bent, dog-eared, penciled-in, and full of sticky notes.  They are beautiful! \n\nMy students all struggle to read.  They've tackled some novels, but usually not by choice.  When they asked me for Choose Your Path books, I wrote a grant for a few, and it was funded.  I've purchased a few more, but I cannot keep up with the demand!  Our school serves students in regular, Montessori, and Designed Instruction classrooms.  My resource room provides academic instruction to children with disabilities which make learning a challenge. \n\nIn my third year in this school, we've managed to get a large group of fifth graders near-grade level in reading.  They just need to fall in love with reading and start practicing their skills, then they won't need me anymore.  These high-interest books are magical, I have to believe, watching pairs of boys negotiate choices, turn-taking, and recording their ideas.  I've had to dump my lesson plans many days because when a group of boys BEGS to read books they've chosen, I can't say no.  These books will continue to fuel their passion for reading, and I'm already lining up books a bit more challenging that will build on the experience of reading these Choose Your Path books.  The fidgets will make sharing a bit less stressful, too.   Most of my students perform better with something in their hands. \n\nYour support will put marvelous books in the hands of newly-avid readers.  There is nothing better than that.  I know these books will be tattered and worn before the end of the year, but when kids sit down and write an author a "thank you" for creating a book, you know they've become readers for life. 
350:::My students are part of science and technology magnet program. It is lottery-based and not by skills or experience.  They are hard-working and are eager to learn. Like most students, they crave technology and have an urge to explore the world around them. \n\nMy school is a diverse school of about 550 students. The student population is classified as an all Title I school with 20% participation and 12% English Language Learners. My school is located in a city with vast economic differences amongst students. My students are a very eclectic collection ranging from urban housing to country living. Despite the differences my students all love to do hands on projects and work with technology. \n\nMy students have used design programs including Google publish and LEGO Digital Designer.  With a 3D printer my students, and many others at this school, would have the opportunity to publish their designs. With a 3D printer, students will participate in project-based learning that is experiential in nature and has real-world applications. 3D printing engages students in the world around them, kindles a curiosity about how machines work, how objects fit together, and how the designers, architects, and inventors who build the products, spaces and technology in their lives have found solutions to a variety of design problems. \n\nThe 3D printer will initially be utilized in a 3D design and 3D printing unit as a tool to bring to life, in a tangible model, the designs that students create in CAD software. Students will be able design and print different prototypes ranging from architectural structures, models, or just about anything their minds can think up. \n\nIn a technology driven world the earlier we can expose children to technology the better prepared they will be in the future. These donations will help students understand and utilize technology. It will create a love of learning and encourage them to become lifelong learners. This technology will help these students be successful in the future. 
351:::In my classroom I love to get the students involved in their learning and watch them take control of their own learning. I love giving them experiences that they wouldn't have otherwise! I want to set them up to be lifelong learners! \n\nMy students love to discover new things and they love to write! They are very social and do a great job teaching each other and taking things they learn to a new level. My school is focused on student learning and we try to be student centered. We are constantly learning new things to make us the best teachers we can be for our students \n\nWe will use the iPads for reading, math, writing, science, and social studies! The possibilities are endless as to what my students can use these iPads for! I am so excited because we currently only have two student computers and this will allow us to really incorporate technology into our day.  \n\nI feel that this will motivate the students and encourage them to become more engaged in their own learning. Most of these students do not have a lot of experiences and I am excited to provide this for them. They deserve to have technological experiences that are going to prepare them for their future. 
352:::My students are just beginning to cross a new bridge as they transition from the challenges of learning to read into the exciting world of reading to learn.   \n\nThe students in my classroom are inquisitive and full of questions.  In their eyes, the world remains full of possibilities and new information.  As my students grow and evolve as readers, they search for new topics and new authors to dive into and explore.  \n\nMy students attend a Title I public school.  Many of them come from low income homes and do not have access to complex, engaging texts outside of school.  As a first year teacher, I am only beginning to build a classroom library for my students that is well-rounded and rich in a variety of subjects.\n\nThe majority of my students are English Language Learners who are building new vocabulary and facility with English.  All of my students are only beginning to build confidence in themselves as readers.  With diverse learning needs and interests, I need a variety of books that cover a range of fiction and non-fiction topics to help stimulate interest and build confidence. \n\nThe students in my classroom are curious about the world around them.  They are interested in animals, weather, sports, and people from all over the world.  The non-fiction books I have requested are written by Gail Gibbons.  They are full of new and complex vocabulary, as well as beautifully drawn, detailed pictures.  The texts are aligned with the new common core standards, which promotes 50% of non-fiction reading material within the classroom.  These non-fiction books will help my students to take agency over their own learning through research, exploration, and conversation.  These books help to scaffold learning through providing necessary vocabulary and diagrams that are clear and accessible for all students. \n\nI have also requested a set of Mo Willems fiction stories.  As my students grow as readers, they search for books that are engaging and fun to read independently and with friends, as well as to listen to during read aloud time.  Mo Willems is perfect for all of the above! \n\nThese books will provide my students with opportunities to take control over their own learning.  As they become readers, they can begin to explore the world through literature and non-fiction text.  I hope to use these books to help my students find authors who are meaningful to them, as well as open them up to learning about a variety of non-fiction text that encourages autonomy and independence as readers and learners. 
353:::Imagine a third grade classroom filled with scientists. I want my future engineers, innovators, and entrepreneurs eagerly entering the classroom to bring imagination to life!  \n\nThis is my eighth year as a 3rd grade teacher, and I love my job! I teach in a Title One school, where over ninety percent of our students come from low income homes. These students still come to me everyday with a desire to learn. They are truly amazing! Ever since our 3D printer arrived, imagination, creativity, and motivation to learn has increased ten fold! The minds of eight year olds are capable of so much more than people often believe!  \n\nWhat better way to learn than bringing technology of the future to our room? Forget reading about the life cycles of butterflies or frogs, stable bridge designs, or any other topic. My students will be designing them, then building them on our 3D printer! We'll hypothesize, plan, build, and then observe them firsthand! My students need additional 3-D printing supplies including glow-in-the-dark filament and tape that prevents creations from sticking to the printing surface.  \n\nThis project will bring learning to life! My students will become true scientists. The 3D printer and supplies will be the basis for daily learning in science, math (measurement and time recordings), reading, and writing (about creations)! Make this a year my students will never forget!  
354:::I have the honor of being the literacy specialist for a constantly growing school of over 700 students. Our needs are always changing as our student population grows and grade level expectations increase. \n\nI teach at an amazing public school in the beautiful mountains of North Carolina. I love the enthusiasm my students have towards learning. It is their enthusiasm that encourages me to look for ways to enhance my teaching and find great, innovative materials to make learning fun. Their love of learning is what drives me to give them the best because that is what they deserve! \n\nWe serve over 150 struggling readers daily in a push-in/pull-out setting. As the year has gone on, we have started to run out of fun rewards! Students have a ten frame taped to their writing journals. They earn a smiley face each day they work hard and use their reading strategies. After 10 smiley faces, they earn a prize. We need new prizes! The requested sticky hands, huge variety of pencils and erasers, glow-in-the-dark bouncing balls, and spinning tops will do the trick! I want students to have a variety of choices when they earn their smiley faces.  Our students deserve the best and new rewards is one way to show them how special they really are! \n\nNelson Mandela said "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." Please help us with our project. Small changes can make a big impact when it comes to educating our children!  
355:::Moe Willems has created several of my students favorite characters and Piggie and Gerald top the list. \n\nThere are 18 energetic three and four year old children in my class. Our school includes students from pre-k to eighth grade. It is in a high poverty area and about 95% of the students in the school receive free lunch. Our school is in a low-income neighborhood where the budget cuts have left no hope that materials will be purchased in the near future. \n\nThis project will provide my students with copies of four different Piggie and Gerald books for my classroom library.  I have several different stories with these beloved characters in our library.  These books are some of my students' favorite books so I really want to make sure I have every Piggie and Gerald book.\nI am also requesting 18 copies of two of the books "I am Going" and "Lets go for a Ride" to give to my students so that they can own some of the books they have learned to love while in my class. \n\nThere is nothing like reading a good book!  My students have found books they love so much they can't put them down. I want to ensure they are surrounded by these books at school and at home.  
356:::My typical day in the classroom is very busy, working hard to keep my students engaged while monitoring their various behavior needs. My ultimate goal for my students is to improve their encoding skills as well as math skills. I also would like for them to become more independent. \n\nI teach second grade special education students and some of my students are also ELL learners. They are amazing and keep me on my feet, and I am constantly learning from them. My school counters in all stakeholders as one big family. Our vision stands behind offering all students the quality education they so deserve.  \n\nMy students are all on different levels and so this leads to differentiation of instruction. My students have various multiple intelligences and therefore most of my day revolves around small group work as well one to one instruction when required. My students really become engaged when technology is available to them. Having an iPad would really keep them engaged and allow them to learn various concepts through such a tool. There are many apps that my students would really enjoy and that would help them learn. Unfortunately, there is no funding in the school to acquire an iPad.  \n\nI want to offer my students all the tools that will keep them focused and engaged during the learning process. Many of them have various obstacles which decrease their successes in retaining information. One day when I brought in my friends' iPad for them to work on a math concepts using coins, they were literally glued to the iPad, moreover they understood the concept of counting various coins! I want them to always feel like this! 
357:::Many students can read a story, but can they understand what they have read? Reading comprehension is a tough skill for the students in my school. A student may be able to answer a math question on the test, but have they mastered that particular math skill? \n\nMy classroom consists of 23 bright and energetic students. It is a challenge to keep every student engaged and interested since they all have such different interests and learning styles. We are located in a low-income area and many of my students are not exposed to different learning experiences at home. It is my job at school, to keep them stimulated through different learning experiences. Since funds are low, we do not have many resources for the students. My students would benefit greatly from having these resources.  \n\nThese resources will be used in my classroom to increase comprehension and help build a better understanding of certain math skills. With the reading comprehension sets, my students will be able to work with each other in small groups reading and answering questions. My students will be able to increase their comprehension skills through fun and colorful activities that will catch their attention. My students will also work on their math skills through these resources. Some math skills are hard to understand for my students and using the books we are provided, is not enough sometimes. These resources will help my students understand difficult math concepts such as fractions. Plus, these resources will help my class this year and my classes for years to come.  \n\nYour donation to this project will help many students. My students this year will leave third grade prepared for fourth grade with the skills that are needed to succeed. Any additional resources for our classroom will be a great help! 
358:::Calling all Apple computer lovers in the Silicon Valley! HELLO! Are you there? Come on I can almost see Google from where I am. However, we are a public school class in a large city in the heart of Silicon Valley with one computer. Yes (gasp), that is right. We need a computer. \n\nWe are a public school without funding for about everything and next year will be worse. I had hoped for a new computer next year, but that dream has faded. So today I am asking for an Apple Mac computer for my sweet kindergarten classroom. We love Apple, don't you? \nWe love to use Apple, even the computer we have now that supports hardly any sites because of the outdated hardware. We still love Apple. I find it harder and harder to get on the Internet because the computer won't support most sites. My class is a beautiful class with a mixed high poverty level, but the students are so smart and wonderful. They make up all that surrounds you. They will be our future. We are a diverse school that embodies what San Francisco is: diversity, creativity, and now the new gold is embedded in the tech world.  But, we are outdated, underfunded, and need a computer. \n\nAs you make a donation towards that Apple computer, think about the potential boss you could have in 20 years from now. Yes, she says, I was in a high poverty school, but one day a stranger came along and donated a computer to our classroom,  and changed my life. True story. YOU make the difference. You can change a child's life. Better yet, your donation is tax-deductible!\n\nWhen we get to explore the Internet, we get to see pictures of the world, the outside, places we never dreamed. This is all because we get to see them on the Internet. There are so many scientific web sites especially about insects!  More important, students in 2014, will be able to use the internet and explore the so many great sites that support their education. With your donation, you can change 22 students' lives and be the 'Apple' of their eyes. \n\nLetting kindergarten students explore the computer in a classroom not only brings them up to speed to 2014 by letting them explore the Internet while we do science, language arts and math, but also lets them share their experience with their family. There are so many sites that support classroom learning and we are hoping to get a computer that lets us explore.\n\nMaking a change comes very simple. Most of my students do not have a computer at their home. This computer will have a profound effect. 
359:::Donors choose has meant so much to me and my students this year.  They are flourishing in part because of the materials we have received through this wonderful charity.  My inner city students deserve to have the same materials for learning that you find in a wealthy school. \n\nI work with 22 urban first graders in an aged elementary school. All of my students are living in high poverty. They may not have a lot but take great pride in our classroom and the materials in our classroom.  They are eager to learn and love completing activities that make them better readers.  My district does not give me money for hands-on manipulatives and this is the best most fun way for my students to learn. \n\nDuring reading workshop I pull small groups of students while the rest of the class works on literacy centers.  All of the materials I am requesting such as, magnetic letters, words and word building boards, roll a word dice, 2 phonics poem books, and phonics photo magnets would be introduced during small group and then utilized during center work.  My students will work in small groups to build words and sentences using the magnetic letters and words.  These critical phonics and spelling skills will transfer into reading books fluently.  My goal for my students is to make them love reading.  These materials will build critical skills to ensure that this happens. \n\nMy project will make a difference by showing my students that someone cares very much for their learning.  Education is not a value that is necessarily emphasized in their homes.  These phonics and spelling materials will assist in making my students better readers.  It is important for them to be able to read sight words quickly and have a strong foundation of word families and spelling chunks to read words quickly. 
360:::My students are future business leaders. They are using STEM in the classroom to develop business plans and to further their knowledge of the use of technology in corporate America.  The students thrive off of using handheld technology and would love the use of tablets. \n\nI teach in a Title I high school where many of the children do not have access to technology at home. For many of them the only way to access the Internet is during school hours. If I had enough technology for each student it would open up endless possibilities. Over 75% of our student population receives free and reduced lunch. For many of our students, school is the most normal thing in their lives.  Our students are hard workers and thrive off of infusing technology into the classroom.  Not having enough technology in the classroom puts our students at a very big disadvantage.  My goal is to see technology in every student's hands.   \n\nStudents will be using these tablets to create presentations, college applications, scholarship applications, mock interviews, and so much more. Having the handheld technology will allow our classroom to be so much more versatile. Having technology at your fingertips takes discussions and class participation to a whole new level.  My students will use the tablets to help them create marketing plans, business plans, and to access college applications.  Additionally, the tablets will be used to help them do presentations.  \n\nHaving the technology at their fingertips will make presentations more versatile and innovative.  The students will then be able to use the tablets when they present their marketing plans and business plans "Shark Tank" style.  The students will be able to show the "potential investors" visual aids via the tablets.  Students will also be able to use the tablets for testing.   \n\nStudents will have opportunities to be innovative and to feel like real life technology-savvy business people. They will be able to feel like they are raising the bar for other students. They could be the leaders in our school and show other students just how beneficial using technology will be.  Additionally, the students will create a video to share with the entire student body on the news.   
361:::Help new talented actors have access to even more plays! Our library is tiny and we need your help. \n\nMy students are from tough backgrounds, but have a love for the stage. The students in my theater class are natural performers and enjoy being the center of attention. There is a lot they can do and they will let no obstacles stand in their way as they pursue their dreams. \n\nMy students need new plays for performances. These simple monologue and scene books will go a long way to furthering the careers of these student actors. Finding a great monologue or the perfect scene to showcase their talent is hard but with these great resources our program will have more options for them to try. \n\nThis project is so important because without new plays our actors will be stuck using the recycled themes of outdated scripts. A gift toward these books will make all the difference in the world for a young actor looking for the perfect audition piece. 
362:::My year long goal for my social studies students is to have them travel the world without ever having to leave the classroom. As we travel to each continent we will explore its geography, history and culture diversity. My biggest challenge is having access to technology that would make it possible. \n\nMy students are predominantly of hispanic ethnicity with a poor to middle class econimic background. Social Studies is a favorite subject to many as they get to identify with youth from other cultural backgrounds around the world. We have some exciting discussions. Our school sits in the heart of an urban area yet maintains a peaceful and safe learning environment for our students. \n\nWith the LCD projector my students will be able to share their technology group work with the class. they will be able to show videos they discovered during their cultural research and share Power Point presentations they created. With the whole class being able to view images projected on the screen and even being able to write on the screen. it makes the whole idea of world travel come alive to them.  \n\nMost of the children of my school have never had the opportunity to travel far outside their local environment. they are unfamilar with life and culture outside of the city limits. this project is an opportunity to show them that the world is so much bigger than they realized.  
363:::There is more knowledge in the library, Horatio, than is dreamt of on the Internet." - Shakespeare\n\nStudents need to use a variety of reference material to do full, deep research. Getting them to branch out from the relative ease and familiarity of computers is what this project is about. \n\nMy school is a fantastic public high school in Portland, Oregon. Students at our school routinely place top in the state and the nation in terms of academics, athletics, extracurricular, and all around awesomeness! We are an IB World School, and although not every student elects to take a full load of rigorous IB courses, almost every student takes at least one class at this advanced level.\n\nTaking advanced courses in high school, means doing college level work before your brain is fully ready for it. It's a great challenge, and a rewarding experience for students, families, and teachers. The Internet has made it incredibly easy for students to gain access to advanced reference material not normally available in a high school. However... \n\nStudents also need to use printed reference materials in order to fully appreciate and explore the full spectrum of college-level research. They are reluctant to do so because it is relatively time-consuming to search the library catalog and then walk the shelves looking for print media that may or may not be relevant to their project.\n\nWith this cart we will be able to pre-select the best material available, put it all in one place, and have it easily accessible to students during the research process. Yes, it eliminates the learning experience of using a catalog, but it does demonstrate how powerful printed materials can be. The next time they do research they will be more likely to seek out printed material on their own. The idea is to make it easy at first, so they know the value of printed media later. \n\nYour donation to this project will physically provide us with a book cart. But emotionally, it will provide us with easy access to useful materials, which in turn will make it more obvious to students that Shakespeare was right when he said, "there is more knowledge in the library, Horatio, than is dreamt of on the Internet." 
364:::Our kindergarten students are enthusiastic about learning. \n\nOur school is located in one of the most dangerous cities in the USA, Camden New Jersey. Despite the numerous obstacles to success outside of our school, the children at my school are extremely passionate about learning and value the education that they are receiving. We try to tell them each and every day how special they are and instill the belief that they can be anything that they want to be. \n\nThe materials that are a part of this project will be used daily during small and whole group instruction.  They math and literacy materials are aligned with Common Core State Standards, this ensures that children's lessons will be specifically focused on tasks that will drive student understanding and achievement.\n\nFor example, the "Understanding and Retelling Texts" set will help our students with reading comprehension.  The "First 100 Sight Words" set will help our students to have a solid foundation of sight words to help them to become fluent readers.  The "Writing Teaching Center" will help our students to draft complete sentences and eventually paragraphs.  The "Math in a Flash" set will help to reinforce skills such as addition, subtraction and shape recognition. \n\nOften times children in the inner city lack the materials that students in more affluent districts have.  By funding this program, you are helping to ensure that the wonderful kindergarten students in Camden New Jersey have the necessary tools to excel in their academic endeavors. 
365:::Where does our food come from? The children in our classroom are always asking questions that cannot simply be answered for them with only words. They need tangible work that will inspire them to answer their own questions and encourage them to keep asking questions in their search for knowledge. \n\nOur school uses the Montessori philosophy to encourage students to become independent workers and thinkers. We have 21 students ranging in age from four to six. The children are encouraged to work with and extend lessons in their areas of interest. In addition to gaining knowledge of math and language, we want them to learn to take care of their minds and bodies. We do this through a variety of Practical Life and Cultural lessons and works. It is beautiful to watch their young minds continually questioning the world around them and it is our goal to provide the necessary materials to encourage independent thinking and a love for learning. \n\nThe materials that we have requested will provide the children with the answers to questions regarding where our food comes from.\n\nWe want to provide our students with real life experiences. We would like to set up a function child sized kitchen area in our classroom. We are requesting a shelf with drawers to serve as our counter top and storage for child sized pots, pans, utensils, etc. We are also requesting a convection toaster oven and children's cookbooks. \n\nAs the children use the materials to independently prepare their own snacks they will extend their learning by exploring literature and referring to maps to learn where the food they eat is coming from. It is crucial that children learn to make healthy food choices to promote brain and body fitness. It is our hope that these materials will encourage the children to think about what they put into their bodies and make good choices for their health. \n\nIt is our hope that the materials that we have requested will encourage the children to make healthy food choices for the rest of their lives. it is important for children to learn where their food is coming from and how their food is prepared. We want the children to make life long choices to promote their health and well being 
366:::When people enter my classroom they often describe it as extremely warm and inviting.  Reading is a large part of our daily class structure, and students are encouraged to read at their own pace, and level. \n\nI teach 24 eager young ladies who come from a wide variety of areas throughout the Metro Atlanta area.  Due to the vast variety of students backgrounds each student brings a unique cultural history to our classroom.  With that being said respect is extremely important to our classroom culture and as we read and learn about each others cultures and beliefs we are conscious to respect others backgrounds.  Our school community also supports and promotes literacy through our reading bowls, weekly trips to the library and vast book studies. \n\nLiteracy is not just about reading it is about connecting ones life to reading or a book.  I encourage my students not to just read in the classroom but to read and connect their lives to reading through books.  We currently have a library that consists of hand me down books.  As a first year teacher I had to completely build my entire classroom community.  While we are appreciative of the books these texts sets would provide students with a connection to the content but also a connection to what they read and how those readings connect to their lives and the world we are exploring around us. \n\nIn my classroom I want to promote exploration through books and reading.  Providing students with the opportunity to truly read and explore books not only prepares them for grades that they will enter in the future but it will prepare them for life no matter what profession they go into. 
367:::Students grasping for knowledge from any resource they can get there hands on. Students need to build on phonemic awareness and phonics skills. \n\nThey are an inner city title one school in Richmond, Virginia. Students come from low-income households. There is very little funding for added technology and games for learning within the classroom. They are 19 students who want to be able to see, hear, and feel the concepts they are learning. \n\nStudents will use this tablet as a daily center activity to use apps to practice phonemic awareness and phonics skills, such as blending, comprehension, letter identification and letter sounds, as well as practicing use technology for learning and growth. Students will be able to play various academic games to help them in their growth of learning the english language. Students will also get exposed to technology.  \n\nThis will allow students another avenue to strengthen there knowledge base of core academic subjects besides just manipulative and worksheets. This will allow them to learn concepts in a new, fun way. 
368:::Each day my gifted students explore units and materials beyond their assigned grade levels!  My students have the opportunity to develop their potential through curriculum that emphasizes complexity and higher-level thinking. \n\nMy students are 3rd, 4th, and 5th graders in the Gifted and Talented program. Since I teach at two schools, I teach and impact over 80 students.\n\nMy students attend school in low socio-economic areas. Although they obtain and display higher level thinking skills, many lack the background knowledge and experience of different aspects of Science.\n \n\nObtaining several microscopes and a variety of slides will allow my students to learn why and how to correctly use microscopes, make direct observations, and notice/compare/converse about the world around us.  Science is typically left out of the curriculum due to a lack of resources and/or time.  However, these resources and materials will help provide in-depth activities and learning to take place in our Gifted classroom! \n\nYour donations will enable my Gifted and Talented students to wonder and desire to understand the world around them by exploring our microscopic world! You will help make it possible for our future scientists to begin their passionate learning and dedication to Science! 
369:::Can you imagine an art room with very little to no surface area on the walls for writing?  I have a small blackboard in the corner of the room which is nowhere near our meeting area.  My students and I need more writing space in the art classroom! \n\nMy students come from a high poverty and high crime area.  They love coming to art because they can express themselves and explore different materials.  My students always anticipate what they are doing in art today when they come sit on the rug for meeting time.  They also love to share their artwork with their peers when we meet at the rug at the end of class. \n\nThe whiteboard easel will primarily be used for meeting time at the rug at both the beginning and end of art.  I can use the whiteboard easel to write the agenda of the day, directions for projects, and drawing demonstrations.  Students can also work on reading and writing with the use of the whiteboard.  The possibilities are limitless.     \n\nThis project will improve my classroom because the students will have a reference point within the room to check their progress on projects.  For example, if a student is unsure of the next step of a project, he or she can simply check the board.  This will increase self-reliance and independence within the student.   
370:::Math is fun.  Math is magical.  Math is the future.  But math needs resources.   \n\nI have a great group of students. They are tremendous learners with unlimited mathematics potential. I often use handouts to help supplement my lessons. These handouts require heavy use of the copy machine. That is why we are in need of additional toner cartridges.  \n\nHaving a copy machine in the classroom has made a tremendous impact in helping free up my time. I can now dedicate my time to what's important ... the students. But more toner is needed. One additional toner cartridge will allow me to fully utilize the copier printer. Copies of class sets of material can be made. Lessons can be copied for students who missed work. Students can use the copier to copy notes for their classmates. Handouts and homework assignments can be made readily available for students. No longer will I run out of copies, and no longer will students need to come back for copies.  \n\nWe are running out of the copy machine toner.  Without additional replacement cartridges, the copy machine will not be able to fulfill its function. One more toner cartridge will help tremendously. Thank you 
371:::Our classroom is the place where throughout the day, 40 four and five year old students learn how to be students in school, as well as preparing for kindergarten. We are learning letters, sounds, colors, math concepts, and so much more.  \n\nOur school is found in a very prominent and well known district of Houston. However, our school lies in an area where a large majority of our students live in poverty. For many of our students school is a safe, clean, warm, and HAPPY place to be. The staff and administration at our school are absolute amazing people, everyone works toward the common goal of providing a place for students to grow, feel safe, and learn each and everyday. In turn, our students LOVE their school. \n\nAs much as our school tries to provide for our students, and for the LARGE part they always do, unfortunately there were no more dry erase easels available when I came into the classroom half way through the year. We have a large dry-erase board, however it is too tall for my Pre-K students to be able to see, much less work on. \n\nI am requesting a dry erase easel that is double sided and durable, so as I will never be without an easel again. This easel offers storage, durability, and countless opportunities for lessons and activities. \n\nEvery day during reading, writing, and math lessons I write the words we are discussing, I draw examples of patterns, or whatever other concept we are learning on chart paper. That means I have two classes, I have to use two pieces each day, we are wasting a lot of paper. We do have a SmartBoard, but again sometimes it's too tall for some students to be able to interact with or use. \n\nWith this board students will be able to better interact with lessons. \n\nMy students LOVE to participate, they LOVE to get to do what I do on the board, they LOVE to show what they know. I want to give my students every opportunity and chance to interact with my lessons.\n\nI am a brand new teacher, and this is a material that unfortunately my school cannot provide me at this time and I cannot afford on my own. I am simply wanting to add to an already amazing classroom, give my students just one more tool.   
372:::Our school has a saying that every teacher and student knows. "We work hard! We never quit! We're going to College!" My classroom works hard to make sure they leave elementary school ready for junior high and the rest of their lives!\n \n\nMy school has a a population of over two-thirds English Language Learners. I specifically work with students in special education. Many of my students have a learning disability on top of being English Learners, which means my students need even more exposure to a vocabulary rich environment.  \n\nStudents in my class will use these new books to earn more points for our school wide Accelerated Reader program. After so many points, students earn different recognitions and accomplishments throughout the school. The AR program is very motivating for students in my class. It has helped foster a love for books.  \n\nThis project will provide an even more language rich environment for my students to learn and grow. My students get so excited over new books and this will reinforce the enjoyment they have been getting out of reading.  
373:::Welcome to my 3rd grade classroom. A typical day starts with 90+ minutes of Math, 40 minutes of PE Gym Music, followed by Science or Social Studies. The Reading/Writing district curriculum accounts for 90+ minutes in the pm. Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. (Yates) \n\nMany of our students are low income. We are a Title One school. Due to a large ELL population, many of our students only speak English in school. It is often difficult for parents/guardians to assist and explain the many vigorous curriculum concepts to their children during homework or review when assignments are sent home. Students are reminded to persevere in all areas, and when they are confused, discouraged, or feeling defeated, they are encouraged to keep going and do the best job they can. My students know it's OK to take risks and understand what it is to "persevere." \n\nThe Time and Measurement set features 4 engaging activity stations, each designed for up to 4 children to work at once with 4 sets of hands-on materials for each station, plus a double-sided, tent-based flip book with simple, step-by-step instructions. Students work independently to solve time riddles, measure distance, solve word problems and more! \nStudents master fraction concepts with skill-building activity stations that let them work at their own pace! The Fraction set also features 4 engaging activity stations, each designed for up to 4 children to work at once with 4 sets of hands-on materials for each station. Students work independently to match fractions of a whole and fractions of a set, recognize fractions on a number line and more. \n\nWhen students are engaged in hands-on activities, they are actively involved in the learning process. Kit one develops skills in measurement and data and mathematical practice. Kit 2 develops skills in number and operations - fractions and mathematical practice. All hands-on activities are designed for the Common Core Standards. Students will love learning through fun mathematical activities, practicing and applying skills to solve real world problems. 
374:::Where do you do your best work? I bet it isn't in a stiff chair that makes you uncomfortable.  Most people do their best work when they are comfortable.  I'd like my students to be able to do their best work, which requires a way to make their time working more comfortable.  \n\nI have an incredible class of hard working fourth graders.  Like most kids, my students are very active and don't like to sit in their desks all day so we tend to do a lot of learning on the carpet.  However, when it is time for them to do work at their desks, it is difficult for them to stay focused because of the uncomfortable chairs. On any given day, you can see my students shifting in their seats trying to find a way to sit comfortably so they can complete their work.  Some of my students would rather stand and lean over their desks instead of sitting in the chair because of how uncomfortable it is for them.  A few of my students have a lot of trouble sitting still long enough to complete the assignment.  When they are working, they are always trying to find reasons to get up and out of their seats and move around. \n\nThese balance cushions will help with two problems my students have while working at their seats.  For all of the students who use them, it will help them to be more comfortable.  By being more comfortable, they will be more able to focus on their work.  It will also help some of my more active students.  The balance cushions are commonly used in classrooms as "wiggle cushions".  They allow students to move around on the chairs to get out some of their energy without having to cause a distraction to the other students. \n\nThese wiggle cushions will help the students to be more comfortable while working at their seats. For most of the students, the cushion will be enough to help them become more comfortable, but for my overly active students, it will be nice that they can wiggle on the cushions to get some of their energy out without disrupting their classmates or leaving the assignment. 
375:::Books aren't just made of words, you know...they're also filled with places to visit & people to meet."  Middle School Classrooms are filled with exciting books and sometimes we have to come up with creative ways to get these books into our students hands and get them excited to read them! \n\nI have the greatest kids on earth in my classroom.  We are in a poverty area middle school where we have reading and writing blocks set up back to back.   I have three reading classes and two writing classes. The reading class is split between me and another teacher where she teaches the writing.  Each class averages around 23 students.  I teach seventh grade students with a mixture of regular classroom students as well as a large majority of English Language Learners and a large majority of Special Education students.  Even though I have a large number of struggling students, these students are some of the most creative and most conversational students I have ever had.  Our school strives on doing whatever it takes to help students learn and to keep them motivated.  Our environment of learning is important to make our kids feel safe and excited to learn. \n\nWith classroom environment being such an important part of balanced literacy and learning, I wanted to do something to build excitement with my students.  My classroom currently has tables with four chairs around each.  I thought it would add some excitement to build a coffee shop type of environment.  The bistro table and chairs would set up an area in the room where my students can go and relax and read their books.  It would be a place that we could set up closer to the library where the students could feel like they are in a different place like a coffee shop.  It can sometimes be hard to keep students engaged due to behavior, extended work time, or struggling readers and writers.  We could promote this area has a reward for all of those types of things.  But most of all I want to get them excited about reading!  I want the area to be a place that is exciting to go and read.  I think the coffee shop area would also work great during our poetry unit for our poetry slam ! \n\nThe donations for this project will improve my classroom by making a difference in our classroom environment.  The bistro table and chairs will promote excitement in reading and writing in our class as well as within our students.  Students at this age need motivation to making reading "cool".  The students will have a place to go to read, write and talk about the work that they are doing.  My mission for my students is to enjoy reading and writing and become lifelong learners-whatever it takes! 
376:::My students require a learning environment that is conducive to their specific needs. The classroom of today should be comfortable and exciting. A student should walk into their classroom and feel proud and ready to learn.\n \n\nMy students are a diverse group of special education students in 3rd, 4th, and 5th grade. Each student has an individualized learning style and cannot be taught in a regular classroom. They require a more hands-on approach and more labor intensive methods. These students come from financially challenged households where technology and common core resources are not part of their everyday life.\n \n\nThe Hokki stools will be used to meet the sensory needs of my students. The students will use them to help them stay focused on their work. The little extra movement really helps them to get their energy out and still continue to learn.  The  base  of the Hokki stools allows for movement in all directions, which is critical to student development as physical movement both increases well-being and encourages the physical and intellectual maturing process. \n\nThe Hokki stools would promote more learning in the class and be used by students during work,  discussions, and lessons. The Hokki stools would also help students that need to release energy for a sensory break for my students with ADHD. These stools will help students to focus and complete work. 
377:::My students are inquisitive, mindful and are oblivious to barriers because they know their teachers will try anything to get them what they need to succeed. \n\nMy students rely on access to technology when they arrive to their home school. They cannot afford to keep up with the ever changing technology field, and I feel it is my duty to allow them to discover and experiment with whatever device or software I can provide. It gets hard to do this on a teacher's salary. \n\nThe flatbed scanner will provide them with the technology of preserving their school's past through a digitization project. The sorting of newspaper clippings and reviewing old yearbooks will give them a connection to our past, a place in the present, and a sense of the future.  \n\nThe digitization project will improve student achievement when there is a connectedness to the place they visit and work every day. This project may transfer to their personal lives and have them take stock of where they came from and influence where they may be going. 
378:::Our school no longer has a functioning copy machine, and can't afford to get it fixed or replaced. The copy machine works less than half of the time it is needed. A Risograph is a high-speed industrial-strength ditto machine that will permit teachers (and students) to be super productive. \n\nI have students from grades 9-12, studying Geometry through AP Calculus. Our school is a 6-12 public school in the heart of East Oakland, CA, where over 95% of the students qualify for free or reduced-fee lunch. Schools in our neighborhood have not had enough success sending students to college in the past; our school, however, is graduating students not only prepared for life after high school, but also prepared for challenging college degrees in science, math and engineering! Some of my best conversations are with alumni from our school, returning during breaks to volunteer in the community they grew up in. \n\nA Risograph RZ990 is an industrial strength copy machine. It is considered old and reliable technology, making stacks of dittos very quickly and cheaply. This Risograph will change the productivity of my students instantly! We will be able to work with graphic organizers that help to focus students on synthesizing information. \n\nStudents will be able to take assessments, monitor their progress through rubrics, and take home information, all on paper, that is needed for them to be successful. \n\nA Risograph will make my classroom have some of the necessary items for my students to succeed. My students will grow in their appreciation and be good stewards that continue to give back to the community in which our school serves. Thank you for your support! 
379:::Students in my class yearn for more contact with technology. Much of our day is spent in our textbooks, and when we do have the opportunity to be in a computer lab, their skills are not where they should be. Making technology more accessible is absolutely the key to success! \n\nOur school is located in the heart of a farming community. Many students are from families of migrant workers, but our school is rather diverse in backgrounds, especially socioeconomically. Despite the diversity, the majority of my students are unfamiliar with the technology that is available to them beyond texting and Facebook. No matter what the future has in store for each individual student, the reality is that he or she will be using technology wherever they go. The goal is to show them how to use technology in education and beyond. \n\nHaving 3 tablets in our classroom will not only give us the resources to expand our knowledge on this technology, but it will also open up our classroom to the World-Wide Web. Questions often pop up in discussions that would warrant a quick Google search to find the answer (as opposed to simply having me answer it for them). It puts the responsibility of seeking out the knowledge into their hands, which will of course help them to better retain it. \nEventually, I'd like to have a class set of tablets so that every student will be able to work on the device individually. Finally, having the keyboard attachments will turn our tablets into a essay-writing friendly device for students who do not have access to a computer at home. \n\nEach donation made to this project will help us make steps forward in creating an entirely new kind of classroom that will completely change the ways students learn. This technology will help my students be better prepared for what life has to offer beyond high school. 
380:::Our students report the weather each morning on the in-school television news.  We want them to be able to go outside to get the weather information each day.  Our neighboring STEM high school has agreed to help build our weather station with us if we provide the materials. \n\nWe are a K-5 school in North Carolina.  We are a new STEM school and our students are actively engaged in learning through many hands-on, minds-on lessons.  We have 860 students, and an activity like this is exactly the kind of experience we are seeking for them.  They will gain valuable experience by going deeper and learning the ins and outs of the weather. \n\nStudents will use the weather instruments every day to record and report on the weather for the morning school news cast.  They will learn how to read weather instruments, how to record weather data and what it all means for a weather forecast.  Students will be able to read a thermometer, a barometer, a rain gauge, count the rotations on an anemometer and read a sun dial.  Students will learn that the weather reported on television comes from the use and recording of these weather instruments. \n\nIt will give them real-world experience with weather instruments. By keeping records of the weather over time, students can begin to really see what a change in air pressure does and why a barometer is important.  As early as Kindergarten, students will begin to relate the number of the day's temperature to how it feels outside.  Hopefully, this experience will influence some of the children to pursue a career as a meteorologist! 
381:::My students have been learning to play guitar for the last couple months. The curriculum we use lends itself to learning how to play an instrument by learning to play popular songs on them. Students are definitely more eager to learn a song when it is something they have heard on the radio. \n\nWe are an inner city school made up of African-American and Latino scholars. As with many elementary schools, our students are stationary most of the time, so giving them the opportunity to move around or work with their hands is a treat for them. I have noticed that many of our scholars are tactile learners so learning how to play an instrument lends itself well to their style of learning. \n\nThe band idea comes from the Little Kids Rock curriculum that teaches kids how to play various instruments by learning to play popular (radio played) songs. Students start with guitar and if available will learn to play keyboard, drums, and even how to sing. As time goes on students will be asked to play at various assemblies or have a concert and in some cases school bands are asked to perform at local venues with other Little Kids Rock bands. \n\nReceiving funds for these instruments and stands will bring music to the classroom and to our student's lives. No longer will they be passively listening to music they will be active participants in the presenting and creating of music. Students will also learn about working with others and see first hand the benefits of practice and perseverance. 
382:::My students need to use the Lexia Core 5 reading program at school, but my class can only visit the computer lab once a week. I'd like to provide my students with more Lexia experiences and we need you! Mini iPad tablets are a cost efficient way to get students the practice what they need! Please help! \n\nCurious, creative, eager, and innovative are a few ways to describe my Kindergarten students. I teach at a California distinguished school where students are motivated to achieve. My students are excited to learn and curious about everything. One quarter of the students are learning English as their second language. Several other students have language delays or other developmental delays. I try to meet the diverse needs of my class using many strategies, including the use of technology. \n\nOur common core standards require students to utilize technology. I will be able to better individualize instruction, especially for those students who need extra support with many helpful iPad apps. I will be able to use the iPad for independent practice to reinforce important skills. The iPad can also be used as an incentive for kids working hard as well as an intervention for kids struggling. As I mentioned before the iPads will give my students an opportunity to use the Lexia Core 5 program within the classroom setting! Lexia Core 5 is a great intervention program as well as an enrichment program for students who are at or above grade level. \n\nWe want to keep up with the technologically advanced classrooms in the bigger cities. My students are creative and eager! Let's give them an equal footing, and the opportunity to soar! Thank you in advance for your support of our future leaders. 
383:::Learning about financial literacy and how money works will empower my students to have the knowledge they need to create their own financial success.  Knowledge is power and the more knowledge they gain about how to manage money, the more power they will have to control their finances. \n\nMy students are an extraordinary group of individuals. They are eager and willing to learn. They attend a Title 1 school and live in an inner city in Southern California. Many of my students are English Language Learners and all of them qualify for the free federal lunch program. Some of my students qualify for special education services. They come to school ready and excited about learning. \n\nEvery person should be financially literate. The sooner my students learn about financial literacy the sooner they will be able to share what they've learned with their families. The resources I am requesting will make it easier to teach the necessary skills they need. The computers will allow us access to the Internet and games on math and money. The printer and ink I am requesting will allow me to print activities and make copies of the lesson I want them to learn.  The projector will allow me to display any and all items that deal with money and how to deal with it.  The memory cards will allow me to save pictures of how my students are working towards being financially literate. \n\nEveryday my students face challenging situations and when one of my projects gets funded they are reenergized with hope that we can make the world a better place. Our budgets don't allow for us to request these kinds of resources. We need technology, we need materials and supplies to help us teach. This is how we change our students' lives. Financial literacy starts today with your generous donations. Thank you in advance for all you do! 
384:::Do you remember a time that someone treated you differently because of the way you looked? Have you been judged before someone got to know who you are on the inside? Middle school can be a difficult time for many students, but literature can open eyes and minds when meaningful discussion happens. \n\nMy students are amazing middle school kids who attend a suburban public school in Michigan. These kids work together cooperatively to be successful and are preparing themselves for the "real world". Our school has students from over 50 countries under one roof - we truly encompass the meaning of "real world"! This is truly an awesome sight to see and is an excellent opportunity for students to learn about the backgrounds and cultures of others. Many students attend our school by choice, rather than attending a larger urban school.  I want to encourage them and teach them the tools they need so that they can have as many positive options for the future as possible.  \n\nLiterature is a great tool that can address many issues in the world. Identity and acceptance are crucial topics in middle school. My students come from many different walks of life and a plethora of backgrounds. We will use this novel, Wonder, to learn about literature, but also to discuss how everyone is different and how we need to get to know a person for who they are on the inside rather than what we see on the outside.  We need 40 copies of the novel so that each student can read a copy in the classroom.\n\n \n\nReading is essential, and learning more about ourselves is even more important. Please help my kids continue on their quest to become better readers and individuals, as well as promote uniqueness and open minds in middle school!  
385:::Grammar, reading, writing, technology, assessments, performance- Every minute, every day, we are learning. \n\nI teach Freshman and Senior English in a low-income, minority school.  Our students know that their current situation isn't all life has to offer, and they are motivated to go to college and to be life-long learners. We are an A+ school, our students are held accountable, and our teachers are the best! \n\nMy students will use the tables, rather than desks, to work in groups, and to use their tablets. Currently, with the school desks, tablets fall on the floor at least once a week.  \n\nThe four tables will also allow students to move around the classroom with ease, something that is next to impossible with those bulky classroom desks! \n\nMy classroom is going to look organized, neat, and clean. The students will be able to work together and I will be able to move around from group to group without tripping on desk legs. 
386:::My students' art is eye-catching and alive, from vibrant self-portraits to studies in clay to complex 3-D collages of systems. Yet their exposure to the art of the world is limited to 8x11 handouts. I'd like to change that. \n\nStudents in my classes are eager to explore, design, and create. We look at art together from multiple angles--how it was made, its meaning to people, its changes over time. Just over 70% of my students come from low income households. Many are new immigrants, or children of recent immigrants. It is my joy to help students see and explore and create, and to experience the richness of perspectives and creations shared in our classes. \n\nMy students deserve all I can provide to help them appreciate and explore subjects we study, and a projector and projector lamp  can help. I will be able to show students art from around the world -- without having children crane over each other to see or relying on paper copies.  We will be free of the limitations of flat print-outs. For example, in our study of global puppetry, I put together a short piece with pictures and clips showing the creation and use of puppets around the world. But it's nearly impossible, with a small laptop, for students to view it together in class. \n\nThis is my first project, and I realize it is a big ask. I appreciate any help you can provide to help break down the walls of our art room, and give young artists a lens on the world. Looking at art around the world, seeing it in use, and then making their own art is a wonderful way to develop an appreciation of our global society, while letting students express themselves creatively. 
387:::We live a world that is full of technology! My school does not have the opportunity to provide us with computers. In addition to the many learning pathways I use in my classroom, having a computer will engage my students in learning and get them excited about it! \n\nThey are five and six year olds that are first generation Americans.  They come to school not knowing any English.  I work at a Title 1 school where 100% of the students receive free breakfast, lunch and dinner.  They are eager to learn and have a strong interest in technology which will help improve the skills necessary for Kindergarten.  \n\nIn my classroom, I provide many different ways for learning that meets the needs of my diverse group of learners. The only thing I do not have for them is a computer. There are so many different learning websites and programs that help students improve in reading and math by 80%. By having a computer in the classroom, I will be able to teach my students how technology works, the proper ways to use a computer as well as having fun while learning.\n\nMy students will be able to hear English through the many different programs. I am my students only model for proper English speaking. When I am pulling small groups for learning, it would be beneficial for my students to have another resource to hear proper English while they learn and practice their English, reading, writing and math skills. \n\nIf you fund my project, you will help 100s of students learn more about technology as well as have fun while learning. Children love technology and if I had this wonderful resource in my classroom, my students will be even more eager to learn and I will be able to create that thirst for knowledge in each of them. 
388:::Reading is a central and loved part of our classroom's daily routine! Though, for struggling readers, reading can be a daunting and overwhelming task. My students feel like "real" and successful readers when they engage with books from the American Chillers series.  \n\nMy 90 fifth grade students are a group of fun-loving and growing readers! We are divided among three classes and meet daily for one hour. The reading levels of my students are varied, reaching from the beginning of 2nd grade. We are a public-school located in a rural Kentucky county. Approximately forty percent of our students qualify for free and reduced lunch services. \n\nThe best way to become a better and more fluent reader is to read more! This complete set of the American Chillers (Volumes 1-37) will engage, support, and motivate my struggling readers.\n\nWe have a few of these books, but I would love to give my struggling readers a complete set. With a set of these engaging novels, students will be able to share about their reading experience and their interest with their peers through our already established Book Talks, Book Blurbs, and Book Commercials! \n \n\nThe American Chiller books are cool and easy books that build the confidence of my students and motivate them to read more. Please, help all of my students to fall in love with reading by making a donation to this project! 
389:::I am in and out of my classroom all day, bringing in kids that need special guidance, and visiting students that need content delivered to them in unique ways. Some of my students need new and exciting materials to encourage their ongoing attention and participation in vital math skills. \n\nI am a Special Education teacher in charge of helping students in grades k-2 in a low income school. Sometimes I pull them out of their class and work with them in small groups or even one-on-one. Other times, I go into their classroom and take unique materials to match their abilities. My students have more disadvantages than most. Students move around often, however students with special needs tend to stay put when their parents value what and how they are being taught. My students clearly want to learn and are eager to try new things and please me and other teachers. However, the same materials can become non-engaging to them. They need not only constant assistance and encouragement, but they need materials that will engage them with our without my help and exciting things that make math fun.\n\nI will use the counting cakes and peg number boards for learning numbers and counting. I will use the color sorting baskets and color discovery boxes for reinforcing colors and, the shape discovery boxes for learning shape concepts. The color discovery tubes teach how primary colors blend to make new colors.\n\nI will model these materials first in lessons and then assist students with using them independently and in a small group. Once they have mastered the routine, I will use these resources for when students are supposed to be working independently or in their classrooms and I cannot be in there. (I work in many classrooms.) These materials are self-correcting and, once practiced, students will be able to correct mistakes and learn the correct way without assistance. \n\nMy students will learn vital math skills. My students will be able to work on their level even when additional assistance cannot be there for extra support. They will master a new skill and feel successful and become more confident. 
390:::History cannot give us a program for the future, but it can give us a fuller understanding of ourselves, and of our common humanity, so that we can better face the future" - Robert Penn Warren \n\nMy students are sixth, seventh and eighth graders who attend a public middle school in a large city.  They are mainly from low socio-economic households and have had limited exposure to enriching academic experiences.  My students also have been identified as having learning disabilities that impact their ability to be successful in the classroom. \n\nI am asking for a set of Graphic History graphic novels that cover major events in American history.  My students struggle with reading comprehension and the textbook can be too dense for them to really understand what they are reading.  These graphic novels turn the events of histroy into comic books that are visually engaging, easier to read and far more interesting. \n\nMy students are reluctant readers and struggling students. I need these books to get them excited about reading and excited about learning history.  Please help me provide rich and engaging materials to my students.  
391:::How amazing would it be to have a traveling farm come to our classroom?  There would be baby chicks, bunnies, ducks and even goats in our classroom! \n\nOur school is in a large urban district.  There are over 800 students in our school.  We have five kindergarten classrooms in our building.  Many of my students live in extreme poverty.  It's difficult for them to travel outside of their community due to a lack of resources. \n\nAt our school, we learn to speak, read and write both English and Spanish.  This makes our school unique and gives us some different challenges than other schools. I have limited resources to teach the Michigan science curriculum.  It's difficult to teach the different animal classifications and body coverings using purely books and pictures. \n\nMy students have never had the experience of visiting a farm and touching live farm animals. Through the Critters on Wheels program, children learn to respect farm animals as they witness their beauty, their characteristics and experience their behaviors first-hand. \n\nStudents will learn about agricultural careers, food sources and farm products.  All students will experience a hands-on, educational visit, aligned with State of Michigan Benchmarks. Students will enjoy whole group presentations and hands-on interactive learning as they visit farm stations in small groups. \n\nMy students will be inspired by the animals found at a farm and will enjoy hands-on experiences with real farm animals. The children will be able to connect people to agriculture, farm work and food sources.  They will develop responsibility and share positive values through farm experiences, farm heritage and animal stories. 
392:::CD players are a technology of the past.  Nowadays the way to play music is from music files.  I would like to incorporate this technology in our classroom.   \n\nMy students are 5 and 6 year-old children who live in a low socio-economic community. All my students are English language learners. They are great kids, but many times have to deal with difficult situations in their lives. Though our school may not be located in a great area, we work hard to give our students an inviting place to learn, a chance to experience new and memorable things, and create an opportunity for a better life. \n\nMusic is a big part of a kindergarten class.  The wireless speaker I am requesting will allow me to bring more music into the classroom.  Currently, if I want to play music for my students, I have to burn the playlist onto a CD.  With a wireless speaker, I can play music directly from my Mac or iPad.  I will not have bother with connecting chords and wires.  I will also be able to show my students videos and connect the sounds to the wireless speaker so that all students can hear clearly.  The iPad stand will also make the music more accessible.   \n\nHaving the wireless speaker will help make our classroom more updated in technology.  Students will enjoy listening to their favorite tunes and poems anywhere in school.  The iPad stand will also make using the iPad easier for students to use during their center time.   
393:::I want to make sure that my students use creativity in their daily lives. Our portfolios are in the form of a scrapbook, but we need more crayons, markers, and scissors to really explore our creativity. At an entrepreneurial school, creativity can get lost. Our class will make sure it stays! \n\nOur school is a tuition free charter school teaching entrepreneurial skills to the future business owner as low as Kindergarten! Our school also services the low income families in the area that might not be able to afford supplies. My class is a third grade class of future entrepreneurs. Currently, they are making their own civilization proposition to Julius Ceasar with laws, maps, and currency. They are a great group of students that work hard to follow directions. \n\nMy students need art supplies, such as classpack of Crayola Markers, Crayons and Card Stock and 25 scissors with caddy. Students will use the art materials to enhance their school portfolio. Currently, we lack paper, scissors, crayons, and markers. Students all have to share the little that we have. If we were to have a class set, students could spend more time on their art, and less time waiting for the next pair of scissors. It would help keep creativity in the classroom! \n\nThis project will help make a difference by keeping creativity in the classroom. The students will learn their business skills with a creative touch. Students will be able to do art in the classroom without having to wait for a specific color crayon or marker, or wait to use a pair of scissors. Art will stay in Room 5! 
394:::Looking back on my childhood years I reflect on the times that I spent experimenting and experiencing new things. Kids are naturally inquisitive and I want to embrace our new common core standards and let them take a more hands on learning experience. \n\nLocated in Southern West Virginia, we are smack dab in the middle of many different coal mines. Because of this demographic many of the students in my classes have different socioeconomic levels. When they are mining coal many of my students do very well and when we are having a dry period many of my students parents are on unemployment. We have a large variety at my school particularly because of where we are located. \n\nhypothesishypothesisStudents will take these materials and be able to really drive their own instruction. They will ask questions, make hypothesis's and be able to actually see the projects all the way through. They will be journalling their observations and their solutions. They will be problem solving and working together to create/explore/evaluate. They will be questioning why things are the way that they are and be able to find the answers to many of these questions on their own. \n\nThey will be able to apply the information that we are learning in our common core standards to experiments that will take place in our classroom. We will learn the parts of a plant and then actually be able to watch it grow right here in our classroom. They will learn extensive new vocabulary as they are making observations and evaluating hypothesis's. \n\nMy goal for my classroom is to have a more engaging science classroom, where my students see that they can truly embrace the roll of classroom scientist. \n\nIn comparison to when I was a child kids are spending a great deal less time exploring and experimenting with the world around them. If I am able to fund this fantastic project for my classroom my kids will have a world of opportunity opened up to them. They will be making observations and they will be taking charge of their classroom. I want to be able to let the students figure out the answers to their own questions. My goal as a teacher is to grow a group of independent learners. 
395:::With students from kindergarten trough fifth grade coming to the library on a daily basis, Iit is hard to keep students captivated. But Dr. Seuss has something for everyone; rhyme for the primary students and enough challenging words to keep intermediate students interested. \n\nOur students attend a great elementary school where life skills are emphasized on a daily basis. Our students are eager to learn and we strive to be "The Best Me I Can Be" every day. Our school has a high poverty rate, with many students receiving free/reduced price lunches. \n\nOur students will be so excited to see these new Dr. Seuss books. The books will be placed in the library for all students and staff to enjoy. These books are great for focusing on rhyme and rhythm of text, as well as being fun to read. I envision these books being used for years to come. \n\nYour donation toward these Dr. Seuss books will provide not only needed reading material for our students, but will ensure that generations to come can enjoy these classic books in their school library. 
396:::My students and I spend a great deal of time reading throughout the day.  I make it a point to let them know that no matter what subject we're learning about, we have to actually . . . READ. They didn't understand this in the beginning, but now, I think I've actually gotten through to many of them. \n\nAs the year has progressed, my students have really begun to ENJOY reading, unlike when this school year started.  Each day I make it known just how much that I actually enjoy reading. I tell them that although I am quite exhausted after school, I still make time to do some light reading at night. \n\nMany of my students admitted that, before entering my classroom, they didn't really get much reading done at home. They've told me that because they see me reading (when they're reading independently, I'm reading as well), they want to read more, too! Recently, I turned one of the bulletin boards in my classroom into an interactive board.  I told them that whenever they complete a book, they should write the book's title and author's name on a strip of paper and place it in their cup on the board. At the end of the school year, we're going to remove the cups from the board and count the number of books they've read the second half of the school year. \n\nMy students want to be able to check books out, not only from our school library, but from our classroom library, as well. I've a few students tell me that one of their reading goals for the school year is to complete every book in our classroom library. What an awesome goal, right?! I couldn't help but smile at their enthusiasm about reading.  One of my goals is to HAVE to ask for another book shelf to be brought to my classroom! \n\nThese donations of fiction, nonfiction, and children's magazines will help me to continue to motivate my students to read.  The books will not only help increase their enthusiasm about reading, not only in school, but at home too.  
397:::My 11th graders come from backgrounds where most family members have never graduated from college.\nThey love to use technology and other resources to learn about the world in new innovative ways to keep up with the rapidly changing world.  \n\nMy kids are 11th grade US History students.  They eat up technology and love to learn skills that they can take into the real world.  They are of the modern generation. They love visual media and information that is presented in diverse ways.  They want to experience new things in the classroom and feel like what they are learning will help them succeed after high school.  My students want to succeed in academics but many teeter on the edge of dropping out.  \n\nThe school I teach at is a brand new high school that services the poorest area of town.  It is gaining a reputation of excellence and is finally giving kids the opportunities they have always wanted.  We have the highest graduation rate out of any school in our area, and we grew leaps and bounds on our state and district standardized test scores.  Our high school is out to prove that SES does not have to be the deciding factor for success. \n\nThis current project is my first and I am just starting to get my feet wet with the possibilities of this resource.  I have come across these films in my classroom and have seen how engaged students are when watching them. They provide real life footage of WWII and a fast pace narrative that keeps student's attention.  I have already written many lesson plans using these films as the core of the material.  They cover the standards and are captivating at the same (which is rare for history films).\n\nThe globe will be used to teach geography, which is a neglected unit in the US History curriculum but it is still tested on the district and state exams and needs to be taught in the classroom.  They are very limited materials available for teaching geography so I think this will help get us started. \n\nDonations to this project will improve my classroom in a few ways:\n1) It will get me started with donor's choose and help me fund bigger and better projects.\n2) It will bring good quality resources to students who need them and will enjoy them.\n3) It will start to change the dialog about how we don't fund education and we lack good materials for kids. 
398:::There's something about a photograph; one that tells a story, one that makes a statement, one that captures beauty, one that communicates its meaning. \n\nI teach a kindergarten, first, and second grade special education classroom, located in a high poverty area in Illinois. My five, six, and seven-year-old students are challenged each and every day by the primary disabilities of developmental delays and autism.\n\nAlthough my students vary vastly in their abilities and interests, they're able to use these differences to come together as a group. Despite the fact that my students have special needs, they're very special little people who never cease to amaze me. Even though I am their teacher, I find myself being the one who learns from them. My students are a true definition of "different not less." \n\nPictures can say a thousand words; especially for my nonverbal students diagnosed with autism who rely on photographs to communicate, articulate their thoughts and feelings, relate socially to others, process information, and convey a message.  Pictures are also able to facilitate learning, especially for children with special needs; by making it easier for them to remember items, people, and places they've seen and associate those particular things to facts. My students need an Olympus Tough digital camera, memory card, and camera case to capture special moments, activities, and occasions throughout the school year.\n\nOne picture says it all, photographs can capture memories and emotions that words cannot.  Having a durable digital camera for use in our classroom will not only support my students' learning and communication needs, but provide an outlet where all special moments can be saved and remembered for years to come. 
399:::The more you read, the better you get, the more better you get, the more you like it: and the more you like it, the more you do it."  - Jim Trelease\nFirst graders are blossoming into independent readers and that requires, not only interesting and exciting books, but A LOT of them!  \n\nI have an amazing, energetic classroom of 27 students. We are a public school, in a large urban district, with an over 90% poverty rating. Many of the students that are now arriving are refugees from places like Darfur and Iraq. The school is a very new building, and we are lucky to have such a nice place to learn and grow. What we have in surroundings we lack in materials. I have supplied many of the books in the classroom, but my budding readers are constantly asking for more! \n\nMy students participate in 45 minutes of independent reading every day in the classroom. They are permitted to select 10 books from my library to read during this time. 27 kids, with 10 books each, adds up to a lot of materials! I am constantly striving to get new books that excite my readers. \n\nWith these books, my kids will have access to 50 quality trade books. These books range in interest and complexity. Exposing kids to these books when they are young, helps them become lifelong readers. \n\n \n\nWhether I read to them aloud, or they read to themselves, my main goal in first grade is to get these kiddos to love reading and learning as much as I do. These books, and the characters and stories within them, can mean so much to a young child. Help me get these amazing materials into their hands!  
400:::We start off everyday reading a chapter book to improve our comprehension.  We also use a variety of resources (dictionaries, thesauruses, atlases) to further our education.  We simply need a sturdy place to store these materials. \n\nMy students live in a low income area.  The majority of the students are receiving free or reduced lunch.  They are working hard to master English as most are second language learners.  Unfortunately, the students do not have all the resources they need at home.  Having easy access to educational materials in our classroom is key. \n\nWith the addition of these sturdy bookcases to our classroom, the students will be able to access the resources they need to become successful scholars.  The strong shelves will house heavy dictionaries, thesauruses, and other non-fiction research books.  Rather than having the information given to them, the students will be able to search for answers themselves.  They will develop the skills needed to become life long learners. \n\nHaving a safe, sturdy organizational unit will help my students keep the resource materials neat and orderly.  They will be able to efficiently access the books they need to help them succeed as scholars. 
401:::Every morning we chant "We are future Scientists, Technologists, Engineers, Artists and Mathematicians". My students are excited to be involved in engaging activities that integrate science, math and engineering, the only thing we are missing is technology! \n\nMy 17 English Language Learners (ELL's), 10 boys and 7 girls, are 5 and 6 years-old who speak 6 different languages - Kunama, Somali, Nepalese, Marshallese, Spanish, and Arabic. My students are fun, vibrant, and excited to learn. As ELL's they thrive on learning new concepts and vocabulary through literacy, math, and science. \n\nOur school is in a low-income neighborhood surrounded by trailer parks and public-funded housing. All of my students receive free and reduced lunch. Many students live in cramped apartments or trailers living with multiple family members. Students receive snack packs every Friday to help support meals through the weekend. Only 25% of my students attended Preschool, 75% came to school with very few basic skills. \n\nMy students need an iPad with learning apps and two sets of headphones to support the Technology piece of our STEM program. Students will use the iPad to incorporate technology into our STEM program. They will use this technology and its applications to integrate literacy, math, science, and engineering to daily curriculum. Students will learn letters and sight words, addition and subtraction, force and motion, and building ramps using age-appropriate applications. \n\nHaving this iPad will help our classroom incorporate updated technology and learning activities into our school's STEM program. The iPad is an engaging, hands-on resource that all student can use and learn from. Applications that focus on the areas of reading, math, engineering, and science will support 21st Century student learning. 
402:::Organization and independence go hand in hand.  I teach very special children with multiple disabilities. Coming to school is a big step for them. Its important that they learn organization and independence by having their own space for their belonging. And for them to feel secure and safe at school \n\nMy students are courageous students who have multiple handicapping conditions that limit their abilities but not their hearts. Many of my students are not potty trained and can not talk. Some are limited in their physical abilities which severely limits their ability to explore their environment. \nComing to school is a very big step for them. My students rely heavily on structure and predictability to ensure a sense of security.  Being organized and having personal space helps them to adjust and feel secure in their environment.\nOur school is a high poverty school with over 75% of the students receiving free and reduced lunch.  With severe budget cuts \nthere are extremely limited funds available for purchasing furniture that will help us organize our room. Due to the limited funds available, I have not been able to acquire these resources for my students. \n\nI want to provide the best learning experience for my students. I believe that an organized environment will benefit my students as it will save us time and teach my students the importance of organizational skills and independence. It also gives me the opportunity to role model organizational skills and independence.   \nOrganization, structure, and independence are our goals for a successful year. Setting up the classroom where students know where their personal belongings and supplies go will help us reach these goals. \nThese lifelong skills in organization and independence will have a lasting impact on their abilities to succeed both physically and financially. It will also give a means to be able to teach how saving time will save money. Taking care of school and personal property saves everyone time and money and I it will open up doors to possible employment along with helping them advance totheir personal dreams and education. \n\nYour donation toward buying organizational furniture will ensure my students the ability to learn organizational skills as well as becoming more independent.  Please help my students to advance in their education so that they can reach for their personal dreams and become more independent both physically and financially!! 
403:::My students are hungry for learning how things tick, they love working with their hands and discovering the possibilities of multiple solutions to a problem. They are real thinkers! Students can only learn so much with books and they love being able to touch and feel what they are learning about. \n\nMy students come from an area of high poverty and attend a K-8 school, where more than 50% of the students are on reduced or free lunch. My students come in each day with empty stomachs, they don't have extra money for snacks and don't have the necessary clothing for winter. They have been told over and over again that what they do doesn't matter and they will live like this in this high poverty area forever. I know they can achieve anything they set their minds to. I feel that students are our future and without the right teachers and materials, students will not be able to achieve all that they can achieve. Even despite these barriers, my students come into school each day with a passion to learn. Their minds are sucking up the vast knowledge that I am teaching them and I enjoy discussing their growth with their parents. I know these students can reach the stars and I am going to do everything I can to help my students reach their goals, but I need more help! \n\nSome of the resources I am requesting are small items that I need to complete some of my teaching lessons like the streak plates. When we do our rocks and minerals unit, I always like students to streak their rock or mineral across a plate to see the true color. We also need specimen glass jars to collect water samples to analyze the amounts of pollutants in the water. Other materials we need are a hydropower exploration kit. In this kit, students will build models of a water wheel, a sawmill and a hammer mill and learn how to harness energy from water to do physical work. Students will also learn about water pressure with a water tower, communicating vessels, and a fountain. They will be able to generate electricity with a hydroelectric power station. They will also apply this learning when they are thinking about ocean waves, tides and rivers.  \n\nI have also added powering the future DVDs. Through these DVDs students will learn about one scientist's search to find a single, clean energy source that will eliminate society's need for fossil fuels. This series identifies the Earth's energy challenge from every angle and highlights the importance of conservation and implementation of renewable resources to meet our energy needs. \nOverall, my students need multiple ways of learning to be scientists and engineers and to help our planet.  
404:::Highway and Traffic Safety (Driver's Education) is taught in a four-hour block during summer school.  With a four-hour class, students are exposed to a large amount of content.  Students are tested on that content daily. \n\nThe students I work with range from incoming freshman to seniors.  I serve diverse cultures, a multitude of students in special services, and typical students trying to earn a "right of passage".  The school district is growing, and the culture is ever-changing.  All students are expected to be active in their educational career. \n\nThere are two types of resources being requested: student text and visual supports.  The students will use the text to read in a small group setting.  The text will be discussed in those small groups to increase comprehension.  The visual supports will be used during the presentation of content to increase understanding of the topic.  These visual supports include pictures, animations, and videos.  Students will use both the student text and visual supports to learn safe driving habits. \n\nWhile only making up about 25% of the driving population, teens are involved in nearly 70% of accidents on the road today.  Donations for these materials will help provide instruction that can instill safe habits in student drivers, making the roadway safer for all drivers. 
405:::There is never a dull moment in our theater classroom at Ridge Community High School.  We have created an environment of inclusion and diversity that is a family for our students.  Daily activities include improvisation exercises, scene work, singing, dancing and academic study. \n\nRCHS Students are the reason our teachers do what they do, and they make our school thrive.  Academically, over the last few years they have raised our school from a grade of a 'D' to being just shy of an 'A'. Our students come from a very diverse background that are surrounded by a disheartening amount of poverty, so it is refreshing to see students be accepted into a program that gives them purpose and meaning in their lives. \n\nThe theater program at RCHS is a safe place for all students to express themselves and practice their art. We have grown from a program with less than 15 students, to over 150 student performers, technicians, and designers.  \n\nWe love our students and teach them to believe in themselves, and their peers. This familial relationship is valuable to them because more often than not, the theater is one of the few times in their lives where they truly believe in themselves. \n\nOur students will use the microphones to support their production of Hairspray. RCHS' students will continue to learn the needs of producing a professional, high quality theatrical production. We will be able to teach our students the importance of the technical aspects when creating a piece of art with these new microphones. \n\nIn addition to the technical and theatrical skills learned, our students have learned public speaking, confidence, responsibility, leadership, commitment, self confidence, multi- tasking, time management, imagination, self expression, integrity, morality, honesty, diversity, literary analysis and most of all, the importance of a positive synergy. \n\nOur project will make a difference in our student's lives by giving them an opportunity to produce a professional level production, and allow them to take ownership of their hard work.  Our program is changing student's lives. For many of them it is the first time they have felt connected to something larger than themselves. This project will allow our students to bring their work to the next level, and continue to build their self confidence. 
406:::Every year for the past 20 years I have taught my students floor hockey.  The kids enjoy the game because it is fast and exciting. Our hockey equipment is in dire need of replacement.\n \n\nMy students are energetic and motivated to learn new sports and activities that come their way.  Most of my students come from immigrant families.  For many of my students, physical education class is the only time in which they get some form of activity throughout the whole week.  We have so many dedicated and loving teachers in our school who care and want to support our students. \n\nThrough the use of playing and learning the game of floor hockey my students will learn the basic skills of  properly holding a hockey stick, how to move a hockey puck or hockey balls around the gym room.  They will learn how to work with their classmates as a team.\n\nThey will learn how to strategically place the hockey puck in order for their team to score a point.\n \n\nI have seen over the past 20 years how one sport activity allows the quietest kid to come out of her/his shell and become an active participant who enjoys the game of hockey and then asks at the end of the period are we going to play again next week because I had so much fun and want to practice some more next time.  JUST PRICELESS. 
407:::Learning to sight-read is essential to singing in an ensemble. These books will provide the basics for young singers to start on that path!\n\nWe are a high-needs district, and a very high-needs school. Our kids are largely school-dependent, meaning that they rely on us not only for academic opportunities and the possibility for great success in every area, but also the chance to find natural talents and interests which may inspire them throughout their education and lives!\n\nI am just beginning what I know will become an amazing choral program at the middle school level.  This age level, children need all the experiences with positive group contingency possible in order to continue developing in positive ways! Additionally, singing and listening creates more harmonious citizens of the world. Literally!\n\nMy small community of students working together will contribute to the greater community of middle school students in many ways, not the least of which will be creating something as a team and sharing it regularly. My students will be proud and hardworking, and set an example for the whole school.
408:::You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. You are the guy who'll decide where to go." -Dr. Seuss.   \n\nMy students have bright smiles and big personalities. They attend a Title 1 (low income) school in North Carolina. Our school does not have "tons" of resources. They are eager to learn and need hands on materials to help them! They want to learn but simply need the resources to help them. \n\nMy students will be able to make concrete connections about writing with these materials.  Students typically learn and retain more information in smaller settings.  The learning centers will allow for small group instruction learning.  Students will be able to read books about various parts of speech that will help enhance their independent writing.  \n\nResearch shows that writing and reading are connected.  With these resources, students will be able to increase their writing skills which will help to increase their ability to read.  Reading is the key to success.  I want to give this gift to students for years to come! 
409:::We start our class off with a warm up discussion and go from there into using the iPads for learning.  We read from our techbook; we do group projects; we are always striving to find new ways to engage the students. \n\nI have 112 students from different backgrounds, but about 50% are free lunch students.  I have about half boys and half girls.  They are a great group! They struggle, but most always are striving to do their best work.  We have fun together.  Our school is one of the oldest in our district, but is well kept up.  We just became an iPad school this year with all the struggles and great things that come with that.   \n\nBeing an iPad school means using the iPad for many different activities.  We have been issued a Science Techbook, which has great videos and other online tools that engage and expand the students' learning.  We also use BrainPop which is a great tool to engage and help with understanding. Many of my students do not have headphones they can bring to school.  When we watch these videos I have to spread my students out throughout the hallways and classroom.  They still struggle, because of their close proximity to each other.  The earphones will allow me to keep them all in my classroom and allow for better discussion among us.\n\nThe Science World magazine is a great enrichment tool.  It has up to date information and other activities that go beyond what I teach in the classroom. They always cover topics from all science areas.  This year they have also added an online element that will go well with the iPads.   \n\nBy having enough headphones, my students will be able to stay in the classroom as a group, allow me to interact with them during their learning, and allow them the opportunity to learn easily from their techbook and other tools.  They will have enrichment right in the classroom.\nThe Science World magazine will broaden their scope of understanding and allow me to add up to date information along with other activities that will engage and enrich.   
410:::My students have discovered the joy of expressing their thoughts and feeling on paper, but we have encountered a problem, not enough supplies.  They are eager to keep writing and won't give up on becoming great authors. \n\nMy students have great attendance, they come hungry for knowledge everyday. Our school is located in a low income, poverty area.  A large percentage of our students receive free lunch, 98% to be exact. We strive to provide our students with a nurturing environment and do our best at fostering their love for school. However, it is extremely difficult to challenge your students to reach their full potential when our resources are limited. \n\nWriting paper and blank books will provide them with a canvas to ink their ideas, thoughts and feelings. Paint and magnetic clips will help decorate their writing projects and will allow for their work to be displayed so that everyone can view their masterpieces. \nBy acquiring these materials my students will have the opportunity to continue exploring the world of writing. They will have the opportunity to share their ideas and thoughts with their classmates.  These materials will motivate my young authors to continue writing and bring their imagination to life. \n\nThis project will make a difference because my students will have the opportunity to express their thoughts and feelings, which in their neighborhood, they don't get to experience as often. They will be motivated by the many colors and resources that will be available for them. 
411:::A typical day in my classroom looks like students reading, writing, and talking about books. You see students sharing their written pieces and students working in collaborative groups to brainstorm writing ideas. You see students graphing content on organizers to show creative thinking processes. \n\nMy seventh grade students are busy, inquisitive, and verbal. They are opinionated and resourceful. Though many of my students qualify for free and/or reduced meals, they are proud learners. Students demonstrate school pride through involvement in school clubs, school incentive programs, and school-sponsored activities. Student groups like the Olweus Bullying Prevention Ambassadors, Student Council, and Junior National Honor Society promote positive behavior and school spirit. Students are recognized and rewarded for safe, responsible, positive, and safe behaviors. \n\nMy school has embarked on its third One Book, One School Project. This project has helped us promote community involvement in our school-wide reading initiative to increase appreciation for literature. During this project, educators and community stakeholders read aloud to students and engage them in activities that increase reading comprehension as well as a variety of literary skills. \n\nWe are requesting support to provide each school employee -teachers, administrators, office workers, nurses, custodians, cafeteria workers, and guest readers- access to the book Among the Hidden to read to a classroom. The One Book, One School Project has been successful at engaging students in the read-aloud process to improve listening skills, story retelling, and other reading skills. The project increases students' appreciation of literature, and provides exposure to a variety of genres, tit 
412:::Speech and language therapy needs to be fun as well as educational for my children. \n\nI work with a variety of children in our Long Island school district from kindergarten to high school. These children have a variety of experiential needs. They work very hard but need to have a fun experience during our speech and language sessions.\n\nSince the children have limited exposure to vocabulary at home, they need to have a way to develop these skills at school and that is what these items will help them with. \n\nBy using these games during sessions, the children can begin to use their skills in a variety of contexts and environments. Their vocabulary skills will improve. Their ability to show good group skills, like clarification responses, will improve. They can practice their vocabulary skills in a game based setting.\n\nThese vocabulary books and games will help a great deal by supplementing the speech and language sessions and by helping with the carryover of our goals. Much of the difficulty of speech therapy is in getting the children to use their skills outside of the therapy setting. By using their skills during game playing, they will get better at using their skills in many different settings. \n\nMy project will help improve my classroom by giving me and the children a better way to carryover vocabulary to conversational settings and to have fun while doing so.  I have found that the children enjoy games during therapy and do not realize that they are learning.  However, they are learning a great deal.   
413:::My goal for the next few months is to get my students motivated. In order to increase their scores, I need them to want to work.  \n\nMy students come from rough homes and don't have much support at home so I know that I have to do everything I can during the school hours to get as much information and skills in their minds as possible. My students are easily distracted and are often not motivated but they have some of the biggest hearts I have ever known. I know that the hug and "I love you" I give them as they leave my room everyday, may be the only time they hear that everyday as some respond by squeezing me as hard as they can. \n\nThese iPads will help me make the most of every moment in my classroom. I will be able to work with my lower groups while still pushing my higher groups to keep learning with educational apps such as kidblog and Scootpad - a Common Core reading and math tool iPad application. I will also use the iPads to help my students keep in touch with current news. Without televisions or computers in their households, they often don't know anything current and there simply isn't always time during normal instruction. \n\nThese iPads will turn my adequate classroom into a spectacularly efficient classroom reaching every student possible.  They will help raise their scores and keep them motivated to keep moving up and up - something these kids need terribly bad.  
414:::Everyday during our 90 minute math session I hear my students say that it just doesn't make any sense. I need materials to help with comprehension. \n\nThe students at my school are falling behind their peers at other schools in our city. We are not a Title 1 school but we are deemed high poverty. I teach fifth grade students who are trying to learn how to be successful. My 29 students are handicapped because our school lacks resources to help them. 19 of my students are eligible for free and reduced price breakfast and lunch. These students often do not have money for simple school supplies like paper and pencils. Our classroom lacks up to date technology. My classroom is multicultural and diverse. Six of my students are in an English Language Learner program, seven are in resource and special education, and three are in Indian Education support classes. They all want to learn but it is not easy. They rarely participate in after school academic activities like mathaletes because they cannot afford it.  \n\nMy students need one Mastering Math Games Library, one  Operations & Algebraic Thinking Folder Game Library, one math stories library and one Place Value Folder Game Library.  I have a dream that my students will all be successful. I hope they will be able to do on-grade level math. I dream that they will all understand the concepts. I want them to have the opportunity to participate in mathaletes this year. I want some up to date, basic math concept books, math games and math folder games that will appeal to my students. I plan to have my students read the books and use the games and folder games as part of their regular classroom work. I also plan to set up an after school tutoring group. Then I plan to have all my students participate in school mathaletes. \n\nMy greatest wish is to help all my students develop their talents. I want to encourage them to read, explore and problem solve. I need math materials and books to encourage them. I need the help of Donors Choose to put appropriate math books and materials into the hands of my students. \n\n 
415:::My students have never been to a night baseball game---NEVER. This, despite the fact that most of them are borderline obsessive about the game. I took this obsession and funneled it into an incentive to reach a lofty reading goal this year: read 75 points worth of books and attend a night baseball game! \n\nMy middle school students are all of Latino descent, mostly by way of the Dominican Republic, but also by way of Puerto Rico and Mexico. Most of them are boys. The unifying factor, other than primarily speaking Spanish at home, is a love of baseball. \n\nBaseball games have become so prohibitively expensive that the majority of my students have never attended a pro ball game in their lives. Of the few that have been to a game, most of them attended their first game last year on a class trip to the Mets for Educator's Day, when we were fortunate enough to receive a behind the scenes tour and a private question and answer session with the Mets Event's Coordinator. That is when I realized that most of them had never attended a game before. \n\nMy school is a Title I school which means that 97% of the students qualify for the free or reduced price lunch program. Many of them depend on the school for breakfast, lunch, and after school snack to help get them through the day. A baseball game is not in the cards. \n\nMy class is currently working their way through a unit in English called Sports Report. The final task is for the students to write an argumentative essay addressing this question: Is mental agility as important as physical prowess in regards to sports performance? It's a juicy question that is perfect for in-depth class discussions; however, it is also loaded with unfamiliar vocabulary and higher level thinking concepts that are challenging for the average middle schooler, much less for students in a special needs class. \n\nOne way I am building the kids up to this task is to use texts and scenarios the kids can act out while they analyze them. Another way I am approaching it is to use high interest texts,in this case, articles about baseball. Because the kids are already interested in baseball, using these articles keeps them on task and working to understand the concepts even when they are struggling. Attending a baseball game will be a culminating activity for this unit. \n\nMy students need to attend a night baseball game as both reward for reaching their goal and reinforcement for the Sports Report unit we are completing in English class.\n\nStudent motivation, much like adult motivation, comes in two forms: intrinsic and extrinsic. My students all have some form of learning disability, which means that all of them have faced more than their fair share of academic failure. While in class, we focus on goal setting and other forms of intrinsic motivation, but sometimes it helps to have a reward to look forward to. This baseball game will both reinforce learning during our Sports Unit and provide a reward for reaching their reading goals. 
416:::Remember being in 8th grade and not having a clue as to what you wanted to in life? In my classroom students explore the different job clusters and try to find a certain job that interests them in middle school. We are a project based learning classroom that is hands on with discovering a future job. \n\nMy students are  middle school students who have taken on the task of working on a high school course at the middle school level. These students are highly motivated and challenged by the course work as most of the students have never been part of a project based course. They enjoy working on projects and exploring their future careers.  \n\nThe requested materials will be used for my students as they explore STEM careers and careers in the various job clusters. The printer will allow them to see what they have created using the software and having a hands on object to see what they have created. The projects will help students see if they would like to pursue a career in one of the clusters that the printer would be used in on a daily basis.  \n\nThe project will make a difference in my classroom because the students will be able to take their projects in my class off of the computer and have a hands on opportunity to see what they have designed.  
417:::Books, maps, encyclopedias, and so much more on one small device. This is the direction our society is going. We need to teach our students how to use these tools. \n\nOur students are very transient because we have a huge military population that faces frequent deployments and PCS's. We have a safe shelter helping families faced with domestic violence and we have low-income housing. Most of our students are forced to grow up way too fast because single parent homes force them to take on adult responsibilities. Technology is not available at home. \n\nThrough the iPad mini, students will have the ability to explore, create, and present materials to fellow students using the unique capabilities of the device. They will have access to many paper references in an electronic, up-to-date format. Maps, almanacs, encyclopedias, research, and news articles will allow a more engaging and interactive experience which will increase information retention. \n\nDonations to this project will help engage student learning through access to information and innovative hands-on lessons. Students lives will change because they will have access to technology and resources at school that many other students in the nation have access to at home. 
418:::I have the greatest and smartest kindergartners. They are all eager to learn everyday. I see so much potential in each of them, but they need support at home to reach their full potential. \n\nMy classroom is in a Texas school district where the classroom demographics are 100% Hispanic, all of which come from low income homes. The primary and often only spoken language at home is Spanish. For this reason it is much easier for my students to learn the basics of reading in their native language. We encourage students to read at home, unfortunately because our students come from low income homes most have no books.\n\nI have 11 girls and 9 boys. They all enjoy story time. They are always engaged with their reading material. They love books, but unfortunately we do not have enough in Spanish for them to take home.\n \n\nFor early readers it is important they see and hear people read. We need parents to read to their children at home. Many parents have expressed interest in reading to their children, but are limited because they only know Spanish. Unfortunately our library has very few books in Spanish and there are not many books in my personal library I can loan them.\n\nIf we can get early literature books in Spanish it will be much easier for my students to learn to read because these books will have words they are familiar with.  I want to build an in class library of Spanish books students can check out for a week at a time. When they take these books home to practice the family can help them, further increasing their love for reading.\n\nThis year we read great authors like Mo Willems, Donald Crew, Jan \nBrett, Eric Carl, and Tommy DePaola in the classroom, but we do not have these books in Spanish for the parents of my students to read to them at home.\n \n\nDeveloping a love of books early in life and exposing students to good literature is extremely important to their long term success. I do everything I can to show my students that reading can teach us things about the world, take us to place we could not go otherwise, help us communicate, and can be fun as well. Having a selection of books they can take home and read with the family will go a long way to building a love for reading that will serve them for the rest of their lives. 
419:::A typical day in my classroom is full of laughter, love, and hard work.  My students are very hands on and learn better through hands on tools. \n\nI have a classroom of 20 students. All are on a variety of levels.  My school is a title 1 school.  All our students get free lunch.  They come in with minimal background knowledge and it's my job to provide as much as I can.  This year I have one homeless student.  \n\nMy students would use these center activities daily.  I would split them into groups and have them play the games. This will help them with not only their math skills, but their social and conflict resolution skills as well. These centers would stop the daily routine of worksheets and flashcards.  I would be able to provide leveled support to my struggling students.  \n\nThis project would provide a love of learning and a love of math.  It will help my students learn math skills, which are life skills, such as money and time.  Place value and addition and subtraction are big common core goals in second grade and these centers will help students become fluent in their skills.  
420:::The more that you read, the more things you will know.  The more that you learn, the more places you will go." \n\n- Dr. Seuss\n\nMy kids relate to this quote so strongly that they have turned this quote into a poster for our classroom! \n\nMy students are friendly, caring and generous.  Although they still struggle learning the English language, and some with special needs, they constantly give their all and take control of their own learning.  Every day, they bring a smile to my face and remind me of why I love what I do.  They have grown so much this year and through this project and your generous donations, I hope to foster further growth within them!  They are truly incredible people.\n\nMy school is classified as a Title 1 school.  The majority of my students come from low-income families and qualify for free lunch.  For the majority of my students, English is not spoken at home, thus the classroom is the only exposure they get to practice reading, writing, and speaking in English.  With the Common Core Standards becoming more challenging for students, materials to enhance their understanding of the social studies curriculum with literacy incorporation is crucial for their learning. \n\nThe students in my classroom are English language learning sponges!  They are inquisitive, engaged, eager learners who are dying to get their hangs on more material to answer their many questions about the cultures around the world, while strengthening their reading skills.  \nIn Social Studies, we study cultures around the world, comparing and contrasting them with each other and our own.  I would love to give my students the choice of selecting the country they'd like to study to take control of their learning.  However, the struggle my classroom faces is a lack of resources due to a lack of funding. \nThe culture books and materials I have requested with help not only with their literacy, but with their connection to cultural studies in the classroom.  Through these books, they will be able to research material on their reading levels autonomously, promoting life-long engaged, independent learners.  They will also allow students to make decisions about what they learn based on their interest. \n\nDonations to this project will greatly enhance my students' excitement, independence and curiosity within their learning.  Through these donations, they will have choices as to what they personally would like to explore, will be able to organically create groups to work with and enhance their reading and writing skills.  The feeling of exploring what interests you in the world around you and finding answers to your questions promotes an excitement to continue learning, and that is priceless! 
421:::My group of students has done incredibly well with learning to read! They lack, however the self confidence required to write. They want me to spell all words for them and will write the minimum required. I want them to be as excited to write as they are to read! They have so much to share \n\nI have been teaching for 27 years but I can honestly say this group loves and supports each other like no other! I have 18 students, 3 of which will be leaving our school at the end of the year due to military transfers. The children already are aware of these moves and are already missing each other. We are a charter school whose charter is based on our social curriculum called Responsive Classroom. We value our social curriculum as much as our academic one . This is demonstrated daily from how we begin our day with "Joys and Concerns" at our morning meeting to how we end our days at closing circle with reflections and self evaluations. Our students are very verbally capable and very comfortable speaking in our classroom as well as at all school meetings. I would love for them to become confident writers so that they can share all they think, believe, and wonder! \n\nSome of the materials I have requested are for our Museum Night which is a school wide presentation of Social Studies topics, ours being a study of the seven continents. Each child adopts a continent and studies it for 3 months at home in addition to what we study at school. the student then presents their continent in any way they choose-most often artistically. These materials will help me teach them about Asia and Africa and other materials will be made available to them for their own individual projects. WE are asking for special kits to make Japanese wind sock fish and papers of animal prints to make safari animals. Social Studies resource books will provide reading and writing activities. Other resource materials will provide creative writing prompts and topics. We will use our Social Studies curriculum as writing topics to motivate the students. They will be able to create continent inspired artwork and then write about what they make. \n\nI have not taught much "writing" to my 5 year olds in the past as kindergarten used to be mainly play based, a place for finger paint and blocks and milk and cookies. These students are ready for so much more. They are global learners in a new world full of colorful experiences. They will be learning new and exciting things and will be able to share their thoughts in writing. 
422:::We do many hands-on science experiments to learn more about science. I want my students to have a greater understanding about the world around them. Recycling is part of this plan. I also like to remind my students that, "Even Einstein asked questions!" \n\nOur school is in an urban setting. We have about 450 students, most are receiving free lunch. I have introduced them to the perils of garbage and the solution of recycling. The students are really passionate about saving the environment and are thinking hard about the future of the planet and the impact it will have on them! \n\nThe original group of students made tie-dyed tee shirts as uniforms to show that they are Recycling Ambassadors. There are new students to the club and they don't have a uniform. We would like for them to be able to make tie-dyed tee shirts with these shirts and dye. The original students wear them so proudly. We want all the students to feel empowered. \n\nThe project is already making a difference at the homes of the students. Not only are they now recycling in school, many who weren't recycling at home are now doing so. Parents have commented that their children are now enforcing the recycling rule at home! This helps everyone! 
423:::I teach English Language Development to 6th, 7th, and 8th grade English Language Learners. Our classroom is very diverse with many different cultures and languages in the classroom. So many of my kids get so excited at the opportunity to use technology and I want to give them that chance. :) \n\nMy school is composed of about 90% ELL and 90% free and reduced lunch students. Many of my students do not have access to iPad's at home. We have students from many different cultures and countries (Mexico, Nepal, Burma, Africa, and India). Many of our students are refugees from refugee camps in their native country.\n\nI have been lucky enough to work with such a diverse group of students for the past 3 years. My students thrive to learn more. I find that any time technology is introduced into the classroom, that students are already more engaged. \n\nWe were so lucky to have an iPad donated to our classroom this year. With this new technology, we realized that we needed more access to these great devices.\n\nWith technology, language abilities are limitless. More iPads will allow my students to use technology. Students will be able to interactively use the tablet to write on the Promethean board and use many language apps. Students will be able to do research on the iPads, which will cut down tremendously on copies at school. \n\nSo many of my students are from refugee camps or cannot afford to use technology such as an iPad. These iPads will give my students a hands on approach to learning and will give them the self-confidence to use new and exciting technology.  Thank you for considering bringing the 21st century into our classroom :) 
424:::Imagine having a room full of students who come to you when they have a problem, but also when they have good news to share. It's like having 24 children. I want the best for them...every day! \n\nMany of my students come to school hungry and with issues that they have carries in with them from home. These are issues that affect their education, so I put on my counselor hat and we try to work them out. My students may live with a parent or they may live with another family member. Some kids get shuffled back and forth between different families. What all of the students do have in common is living in an area that is surrounded by violence and crime. Fortunately our school is a safe place, but as soon as the kids walk out the door, its a different story. \n\nMy students need 75 copies of Stolen Into Slavery:  The True Story of Solomon Northup, Free Black Man, non fiction texts to meet the core content curriculum standards and capture the attention of all students. The core content curriculum standards require that students read a large quantity of non fiction text. We like the entire grade level to follow the same curriculum so all students are studying the same material. We are provided with reading material, but the texts are excerpts and the students do not invested in the reading because it is only a part of a text. We see a difference when a student reads an entire complete text from start to finish. The student feels a sense of accomplishment and there is nothing that has been omitted from the reading experience. \n\nOur population has a large number of African American students. We feel that Black History month should be studied all the time, not just during the month of February. Students should know all history. The text chosen is a true account of a slave stolen into slavery and gives a 12 year account of his life. It is a historical account of actual events. These events are so relevant to the ancestors of many of our students. 
425:::My kindergarten students want to be rock star readers.  I want my students to be fully prepared for first grade; by being ahead in their language development.  High frequency words are essential to fluent reading; and I want my students to have a strong language foundation for their futures. \n\nMy 26 kindergarten students are ornery and loud, but mostly they are adorable little scholars.  They are immensely engaged in their education and are HUNGRY to master the English Language.  While the beginning of my time with these ESOL students was focused on letter name and sound recognition, it is now time to focus heavily on reading and paving the way for them to be strong, independent readers.  My school is filled with English Language Learners, and when the younger students start with strong English skills, like recognizing and master sight words; they are guaranteeing a strong academic future. \n\nThese materials will add to the small supply of sight word related centers I have purchased on my own.  I've made many more activities, but my students are craving more challenges and want to truly master their sight words to be totally ready for first grade!  They also think my homemade centers are "really boring!"  They are a colorful group for sure!  These new materials and activities will help children practice isolating and manipulating sounds, making real and nonsense words, as well as mastering the high frequency words necessary for effective reading. \n\nKindergarten students need to master all letters and sounds, AND to effectively prepare them for first grade, they need to know the high frequency words that are found in all texts.  The sight word magnets will help with my instruction of sight words, and the alphabet boxes and turn and twist games will help students strengthen their phonics skills and help increase their confidence when encountering words they don't know; only making them stronger readers. 
426:::My first graders are still learning basic math skills like adding and subtracting.  Please help us get these awesome math games. \n\nI have an active bunch of 21 first grade students who attend a Title 1 school in a poverty area. About 90 % of the students received free and reduced priced breakfast and lunch. Most of my students are raised by single parents who work many hours to provide whatever they can. Even with all the challenges they face, they come to school ready to learn every day. I try to provide as many resources and materials as possible to help prepare them for future grades. \n\nI am requesting 5 Hot Dots games that reinforce math skills like addition, subtraction, and money skills. My students will use these math games during small groups, center times, and to challenge themselves after they complete their assignment.  These math games come with self-checking system that provides students with instant feedback.  As they read a card, they use the Hot Dots pen to click an answer, receive the immediate feedback, and make corrections. \n\nThe Hot Dots games will make the learning interactive and engaging for my students. The materials will benefit my current students and in the future. We appreciate any amount you can give to this project. Thank you! 
427:::I will be teaching a class of brand new kindergarten students in September. These students will arrive with language and learning delays. I will be introducing them to the joys of reading and need your help to help these children fall in love with literacy. \n\nI teach a special education class for students with severe learning and language delays. I will be receiving a new class of kindergarten students in the fall. I will be the one to introduce them to the world of reading and the joys that it holds. For students with delays, this journey can sometimes be challenging. I am certain, that with the right materials, I can hep these children find success with their earliest experiences with reading. \n\nI will use the materials you provide to give my students hands on ways to explore the printed word. Students learn best when actively engaged in their learning. The center activities you provide for my students will provide them a way to explore print and come to understand the skills presented to them. \n\nLiteracy opens new worlds for all who love to read. By helping young children enjoy success with reading, you are helping to create a generation of children who will discover all that books have to offer them. 
428:::Our classroom is an exciting place to be! Students here work very diligently, and show great interest in reading and creative writing. We know that although not everyone is reading on grade level, reading more will help them get there, which is why we want lots of high-interest books available.  \n\nStudents in our classroom have lived in Brooklyn most of their lives! Most come from Caribbean families; culture and heritage is very important to our students. They have incredible personalities and work very diligently in preparation for high school and college. \n\nStudents have independent reading time every Monday through Thursday for 30 minutes a day. When they finish work, we direct them to read their independent reading book, so having a book on hand is a must! That's why we love to have great books in our classroom library.  \n\nYour donation will help kids find books that interest them so they'll always love reading -- now and into the future. You will make a difference in the lives of students in this vibrant Brooklyn community.  
429:::Technology is a part of our everyday lives and it is imperative that students have 21st century skills. Those skills include critical thinking, reasoning, and creativity. For economically disadvantaged students, the school may be the only place where they will have the opportunity to use technology. \n\nMy students are a great group of 5th graders from a rural town in Pennsylvania. Many come from socio-economically disadvantaged households, but we try our best not to let that interfere with their learning. They love having fun, but know how to get the work done. As we move into using the national Common Core standards over the next year, students will be expected to be able to successfully utilize technology resources. Using technology will also be an important part of students' futures, whether they choose to head to college or join the workforce. At this point, many of them struggle to type a single sentence or successfully navigate the web. \n\nUnfortunately, many of my students do not have access to 21st century technology resources at home and our resources in the classroom are limited. Having an iPad in the classroom would allow integration of technology across the curriculum. Students will be able to use the iPad to complete projects in all subjects, perform research, collaborate with others, and use educational apps. They can take virtual field trips, listen to an author read his story, and complete the math problem of the day. The possibilities are endless and all can help students develop the 21st century skills that they so desperately need. \n\nTechnology integration can positively affect student achievement and academic performance, and can increase students' motivation. Furthermore, as a teacher, I feel it is important to help prepare students to be college or career ready. In the 21st century, this means being able to successfully use technology. By utilizing the resources I have requested in this project, I will be able to help set my students on the path to success in their futures. 
430:::Every class I begin with "!Buenos dias!" followed by a zesty response from my class which resonates through the hallways. While in class we learn verbs and terminology directly related to the lesson, my students are always approaching me with curiosity on other terms in Spanish.  \n\nMy school is a more than a school to the students and the staff, it is a family. We serve inner city students, and strive for a holistic education, focusing on academics as well as character. We have extremely high expectations and we know our students are able to meet them, some with more help. Our work days consist of ten hour days, yet you will find many of the teachers (and students) staying for eleven hour days. It is not a rare sight to see a classroom after school with students receiving additional help. We push because we know our students will meet their goals. As aforementioned, not only do we focus on academics-but we have a big focus on character: zest, grit, social-intelligence, self-control, gratitude, curiosity, and optimism. \n \n\nEach week students begin a new topic, with previous information spiraled throughout. With each lesson new verbs and terminology are introduced. My class is filled with chanting, singing, and acting. While each lesson introduces new verbs and terms, many of them are curious about other words not yet learned. Having the Spanish-English dictionaries would allow students to use the dictionaries to fulfill their curiosity. As well as help the students with more complex activities such as letters, essays, conversations, and skits. We often use the dictionaries provided with the textbooks, but often find them lacking with the amount of words. \n\nThe flashcards would be of great use with the students who need additional remediation. I often create my own flashcards, however having these flashcards at their disposal would really benefit them. \n\nI am always searching for additional textbooks that will help me improve my classroom each day.  \n\nThe generous donations would make a huge impact in my classroom. My students will no longer depend on the limited dictionaries provided by the classroom textbook sets. They will be able to expand on their Spanish lexile, furthering their ability to communicate in second language. Many of them are interested in becoming fluent speakers of Spanish, especially with the professional opportunities offered.    
431:::Romeo and Juliet needs to be studied as a PERFORMANCE, not just as a text! My freshmen are taking a literature class for summer school, but we will not have a projector since all of the technology will be locked away for the summer. How will we watch Shakespeare? \n\nMany of my students are of Native Hawaiian descent and live on the island of Oahu. They love singing, dancing, and playing sports (the same as children everywhere!). Freshmen reading levels are usually very low (typically 3-6 years behind grade level). This summer class is a chance for my students to get a jump start on their high school classes and raise their reading levels. The students I am teaching this year have already made 1.8 years of reading growth, so we are trying to catch up. I am planning for similar growth in this summer class. \n\nMy students will be using the projector to watch presentations and especially video performances of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. We will be looking at a few different interpretations of the play to discuss the techniques used in performance arts.\n\nMy students will be learning from a rigorous curriculum called Spring Board. This course has been designed by the College Board (maker of the Advanced Placement exams) to prepare students for the demands of college and professional careers. \n\nAs a summer school teacher, I must provide all of the resources for my classroom. Without your generous donations, we would have no technology. Our school expects students to learn primarily from workbooks, but I think our class could be so much more engaging with a projector so that we can watch presentations and videos. 
432:::Students learn from doing, not just watching and listening! My kindergarten students are very active and it is hard for them to sit and listen to a lesson that teaches phonics or numbers. They love learning  much more, when lessons are delivered through hands-on learning centers. \n\nMy students are a classroom full of active, happy, smiling kindergarten students, at a public school in California. I have 14 boys, and 13 girls. They are all precious and beautiful. They all have the potential to excel in academics, graduate from college, and have very successful careers. I am the teacher who needs to give them a strong foundation in math, science, and language arts, to make sure their career dreams come true. They learn through exploration and hands on  trying different ways of doing a math operation or spelling a word correctly. It is my job to give them an environment where they have the freedom to learn and explore their way through math, science and language arts. Hopefully, they will develop a real love for learning that will take them all the way through elementary, middle school, high school and then through to graduate college, and have wonderful careers! This is their foundational year of school, and I want to give them the very best one possible, through hands on learning. \n\nMy students will be having fun and learning all at the same time. They will be actively learning, and learning so much more then when a teacher is expecting these active little students to sit quietly through math and phonics lessons. They will be learning academics in a fun hands manner through active learning centers. Independent learning will be a breeze. The centers are specially designed for independent exploration and have everything children need to build beginning language skills, from word building and rhyming sounds, to sight-word recognition. Students work at their own pace! Each center is designed for up to 4 children to work at once. Complete sets includes 8 different centers. They will explore math with the operations center and learn about fewer and greater with the Greater Gator answer boards. They will explore writing with the writing center and the sentence flip books. These learning centers will help me give my students the strong academic foundation that they need. \n\nLearning centers will help these 27, low income kindergarten students with 1 teacher learn academic skills through exploration. This keeps them attentive to the instruction and they enjoy it much more then sitting quietly through a lesson. Learning the academic concepts that they need for a strong academic foundation through active learning activities, will give these 27 little students with 1 teacher, the boost they need, so they will go to college and have bright futures. 
433:::The play's the thing!" In our project, the play is EVERYTHING! \n\nOur theatre arts classes are comprised of diverse students being exposed to the theatrical arts for the first time. As their confidence grows and the foundation for the arts is set, students are now ready to tackle the text from recognizable scripts. In Language Arts and English courses students read plays, but in the theatre arts they get to bring the text to life. \n\nIn order for students to achieve proficient competency in the theatre arts, they must "design, produce, or perform scenes or plays from a variety of theatrical periods and styles, including Shakespearean and contemporary realism" (VAPA 2.3). \n\nOur students will read these plays and then, have the option to choose their own path to further explore that script:\n1) Design a costume plot for the play, specifically for one of the characters\n2) Design a set for the play to be performed on\n3) Perform a scene or monologue from the play\n4) Design a publicity campaign for the play \n\nThroughout this project, students will also make strides towards "demonstrating an understanding of the professional standards of the actor, playwright, and technical artists" (VAPA 5.3). \n\nThis project allows students to choose their own theatrical adventure and take ownership of their learning. If they wish to perform or if they wish to design they may. Regardless of the path chosen, the journey will not begin without your help. Our students are looking forward to exploring and expanding their creative energy. 
434:::The future is here and that means we need to get our students ready to enter careers in science, technology, math, and engineering.  This means exposing them from a young age while simultaneously supporting their growth as readers. \n\nWe are part of a Title I multi-age school that emphasizes learning through the workshop model (small group lessons and independent/partner work).  Our classroom is comprised of five, six, and seven year old children who live in an interurban community in Washington State.  The diversity of backgrounds in our class has created an atmosphere where we can learn from each other. \n\nThe students have been working hard to strengthen their reading and comprehension skills this year. Reading is a skill that we must always work to become stronger at, but this is never truer than for the young learner. \n\nAs the Common Core and STEM academic focus continues to drive learning, my students need resources to help them prepare for the world ahead of them. We need access to more non-fiction reading materials for independent reading, but we also need guided reading book sets that are not only science and math focused, but culturally responsive. Guided reading is a chance for students to learn new reading strategies in skill based groups. These groups are intentional and teacher directed based on individual needs. \n\nThese non-fiction books allow students to discover a world that lies beyond their own personal experience. In addition to supporting reading and math development, students will be exposed to a variety of real life experiences they could one day choose for their own future.\n\nGiven the background of my students, showing them life's possibilities is important. I am working to teach them that they cannot let their current circumstances determine their futures - I am putting the power in their hands. 
435:::I teach a Math intervention class called GAME. I have my students do old-school paper & pencil practice. But that's only about half of my curriculum. I try to focus just as much on enrichment activities to not only build math skills, but also logic, critical thinking, and problem solving skills. \n\nMy students are general education students, at a high poverty school, who just struggle with Math. 100% of my students either did not meet expectations on the state Math test on the previous school year, or just barely met expectations by one or two questions. My students go to two math classes a day, which consists of their core grade-level class and my intervention class.  \n\nMy classes are about 50 minutes long, and there is no down time. I keep my students busy from bell to bell.\n\nIt is often a challenge to keep my students engaged and productive the whole time, especially since mine is their second Math class in a day, and because all students work at different speeds. \n\nSince my students don't all finish their work at the same time, I will use these requested puzzles and brain-teasers to meaningfully fill the time between finishing their work and moving on to the next assignment.  \n\nThese items will give me a wider variety of options to offer to my students for their enrichment time. \n\nIt has been shown that working puzzles is like going to the gym for your brain. I helps develop problem solving and critical thinking skills that apply to all subjects. \n\nThese items will also give my students a brain-break from just doing math problems. They don't need to know that they're learning from the puzzles too. 
436:::Music can change the world because it can change people."\n-Bono \n \n\nOur students are amazing hardworking kids! They aren't just a band, they are a family. Each student can feel like they belong in this organization. All of our students care about one another and help each other on the road to success. \nWe are not just training these kids to be great musicians, but great overall people as well. \nOur kids are proud to be in The Highlander Band, and they need the equipment to prove it.\n \n\nWe need new and replacement instrument cases for our students, and especially for our cornets and trombones.\nWe are instilling a sense of pride throughout our program and our entire school, but with the cases and equipment we currently have, it is very difficult for the kids to feel important. The cases are beaten, scratched, torn, and broken. \nThe new cases will give the students a new found sense of excitement for band and music. \n \n\nMusic opens so many doors for our students and it creates opportunities in life that most people never get to experience. \nSupporting this project is supporting students in their efforts to be life long learners, and to push themselves to higher expectations that they never knew they could reach. \n 
437:::Every morning, my classroom begins with academic conversations based around our reading.  We use technology and class blogs to tell our stories.  We have a book shelf across a window ledge and need to now organize and categorize for easy accessibility. \n\nWe are a title-1 school with the majority of students on free or reduced lunch.  They are very excited to come to school because they feel safe and protected here.  They just helped pick books aligned with common core for our classroom library.  They are excited about easing and would love a place to organize their books. \n\nStudents will get familiar with all the new books by categorizing, labeling, and organizing our classroom library.  I am planning on making a more cozy place for students to read.  The bins will help them access the text they are most interested in. \n\nStudents will be able to find the books they want to read with ease.  As of now, the books have no spacers to separate categories.  Students want to organize their new books ordered in a special way. 
438:::What I really love about this grade is they say whatever is on their questioning minds and I love that about them. Our days are jam-packed with the 4 C's communication, collaboration, critical thinking, and creativity. In our room we say is where Learning Meets Fun! \n\nMy students are like typically 6 and 7 year old boys and girls. The girls are into the "latest trends" and the boys are into the next video game that is coming out. I think I have a very well rounded bunch of students in my class this year. \n\nAs a school, we are focused on what is the absolute best we can give our students. We are not only invested in their education but we take a whole child approach. We offer afterschool clubs to keep the students engaged and apart of the school community. \n\nMy students are very hands on learners. In the classroom we are always using some type of manipulative every day. I would like to have the Math Toolkit as a "time saver". All the manipulative a student would need to complete a math problem would right at their finger tips without me taking the time to pass out materials. We are requesting pencil boxes to use as toolkits filled with a number line, dry erase marker, counters, and unfix cubes. These are materials my students use daily but it take a big chunk of our math time to distribute materials. The toolkit would be a way for students to always have the materials they need at anytime. \n\nI really think the toolkit I am requesting will help the student engagement in the classroom. I will be spending less time distributing materials and more time with the students and tending to their needs. I am excited about the many possibilities that will come with the use of the toolkit. I believe my students will take pride and ownership over their toolkit. 
439:::I am a first grade teacher at an urban school. I currently have 22 students, but because it is an inner city school students relocate frequently. By the end of the school year I could very well have 30 students. \n\n \n\nThis is my seventh year teaching at an inner city school. Before school started my first year teaching, I asked for crayons and was told that "crayons are a luxury." The only materials teachers are supplied with are text books and white copy paper.  Anything other than that teachers are expected to get on their own or try to get it through donorschoose.  It is not fair that my students suffer due to the lack of resources the district provides us with.  I have amazing students who are eager to learn, and use any resources that they are given.   \n\nOne of my classrooms BIGGEST struggles is time management.  I have some students who rush threw their work producing messy or sloppy work.  On the other hand I have students who work very slowly and want everything to be perfect.  There has been times when it takes these students an hour to write a sentence, when they should have had at least eight on their paper.  I would like to get my students to understand the concept of time management to enable them to be successful students now and in the many years to come.  This will continue to help them as they get older and enter the work force.  I am requesting a large classroom clock for the entire class, 4 table clocks for when my students are at their tables, and 3 digital ones for when they are on the computers.     \n\nThank you for supporting these children in knocking down the barrier to getting the resources that are necessary for their success. I very much appreciate your consideration in this matter and sincerely hope you will view my request favorably and provide the requisite funds.  
440:::There is no substitute for books in the life of a child." ~ May Ellen Chase...\nI am a firm believer that students should have a variety of books to choose from.  I have built a tremendous classroom library for my students over the past fifteen years of my career. \n\nOn the first day of school, I love to watch the faces of my students as they look at the books they are able to borrow from the classroom library.  \nThey say... \n"I've never seen so many books."\n"We can take these home to read?" \n"You have so many books!"\nI nod proudly and watch their reactions as they visit the classroom library for the first time.  \nOur school is pretty small in comparison to most "city" schools.  We do have a school library but it is not up and running due to budget cuts and restaffing.  I am committed to sharing my love for reading with every one of my students each year. \n\nMy classroom has very little space to display all the books I have accumulated through the years.  My students need several organized book racks and bins to be able to "shop" for books each week. With these racks, they will find the books they want to borrow in record time.  We are currently using milk crates and cardboard boxes to keep the books together.  Many of their "favorites" are not found because they are at the bottom of the pile, have been misplaced, or it takes too much time to try and find them.  The disappointment on their faces is devastating! \n\nThese racks will not only be visually appealing to the students but it will encourage them to take care of the books as well.  These mobile shelves will allow us to place the books in other areas of the room during other activities and replace them with ease. 
441:::Our two jazz bands are made up of talented students in grades 9-12 who put in extra time in their day to rehearse in the mornings. Throughout the year, the bands are asked to play for community dinners, churches and conferences. They perform classic jazz standards along with familiar pop tunes.  \n\nOur students come from a very supportive community and school. The area is very supportive of the arts and come to concerts and performances throughout the year. Choir, bands and Jazz are popular at our school and have students that participate in other activities as well.  \n\nThese stands will allow our bands to pack quickly all their instruments, drum set, Amplifiers, piano etc. and get to and from our performances. We normally have to pack bulky stands on to our van one by one, taking up space and time. With the folding stands, we can grab a box of them, get them on the van and be on our way. \n\nBy being able to get from gig to gig easier, students and our community will want to see our students perform more. Our students make the commitment to this ensemble and to the performances. Please make a contribution to help us get there. 
442:::As the level of achievement has increased, so has the expectation of learning in Kindergarten. By the end of the year my 5 year old students will need to be reading and ready for first grade. iPads will help them reach this academic goal. \n\nMy students are English Language Learners (ELLs) from low income families. They all recently came from Haiti, and slowly but surely have been learning English. Most of them come from families who have limited amount of education and they themselves have never been to school. We are a turnaround school, with minimum resources and low funding. However the expectation for my students as Kindergartens and second language learners are still the same as any other school. My students come into school everyday excited to learn and be part of a class where they are receiving a free education. I want the best for my students and I want them to reach their highest potential especially since most of my students would be the first in their family to get an education. \n\nIn my classroom, my students are fascinated with reading and hearing stories read in English and Haitian Creole. They often ask me to find the book online or on CD so they can hear it again and again. With the iPads, students would be able to download books to listen to, play reading games, and create their own videos of them reading books. I plan to have my student use the iPads to record themselves acting out different stories that they heard or made up. I will then put these videos online for students and their families to view. I also plan to have families come into the classroom and record them reading or telling stories in their language on the iPad. My students will then be able to access these videos on the iPad whenever they want. \n\nThis project will not only help them learn English and gain a love of reading but also help them reach and go beyond the benchmark set for all Kindergarteners. With this project, my students will not only be given an opportunity to gain a great education but also for most be the first in their families to achieve success. Imagine coming over from a third-world country, being the first one in your family to go to college and to achieving your goals and dreams? I want this for my students!
443:::A typical day in my classroom begins earlier than most. At 8:45AM I let my students in fifteen minutes early to get organized and choose a book to read. They can't wait to get into the classroom! \n\nMy 2nd grade Bilingual students are so very resilient. They work very hard to do their work and be the best readers they can be. My students started the school year knowing very little English and now some of them are reading at a 3rd grade level!  \n\nMy students need two sets of non-fiction books from, a set of 16 book bins and a mobile storage cart. My students will be using the requested materials to help them locate and use the guided reading books. They will read the books in their leveled teams and also with friends who may be at a lower or higher level than their team. This helps them bond as teams and gives them confidence when they read to other students of different reading levels. \n\nMy students are always excited when we receive new books in our classroom! This project will further engage the students in real-life non-fiction text. It will also help us as a classroom to better organize our book collection. 
444:::At the age of five children need to see it, hear it, and touch it.  A projector is a great way to do that in the classroom.  Our math program has a Visual Learning piece and having 25 children look at my 14" laptop doesn't make sense.  At the start of math, the children love  to watch the "math movie". \n\nI teach 25 kindergarten students that come from all walks of life.  There are more boys than girls and they are all very talkative; just like their teachers! Some children entered the classroom in September not speaking English, while others were already able to read simple sentences.  My school is a very welcoming environment where top notch education is expected, but we have fun doing it! Kindergarten is a magical year.  They grow both physically and mentally so much in a matter of 10 months.  In September, I tell the parents that their children will be reading, writing, spelling and doing addition/subtraction by June. They look at me as if I am crazy! Truth be told, by June, most of my children can do all those things and more. I am so proud of their accomplishments during the school year.   \n\nMy students need a projector in the classroom with mount and stand to help with the visual learning piece of our math program. Our school began a new math program this year.  In the program, there is a Visual Learning component where the children can watch a short math movie that explains the objective of the lesson.  Currently, I have the children sit on the rug and watch the video on my 14" laptop.  It is not a practical solution.  A projector would be utilized for the math movies, but also for science, ELA, social studies and other technology.  It would be wonderful if while talking about polar bears, I could quickly show a short video about polar bears in their natural habitat.  Or when we are discussion Groundhog Day, I could show a clip of Punxsutawney Phil seeing his shadow.  A projector would help get the children invested in their education.   \n\nA donation to this project will help the children see that technology is not just about iPods, XBox, iPhones and PlayStation.  Children will see that they can use technology to gather information.  They can use technology to find out more about something specific.  If a child has a question about a certain topic, I will be able to show the class how to look up facts on the computer and project them for the entire class to see.   
445:::The students I teach are very excited about learning new things, especially when it is dealing with finances using technology.  Picture how ecstatic fifth graders will be when they learn how to operate the stock market using technology.  \n\nI teach 50 extraordinary fifth graders. They attend a Title I School that doesn't have a lot of technology for the students to interact with. The school works very hard to ensure that they are able to compete proficiently in today's global society. The students I have are mostly from single parent families with low or fixed incomes. My students have a very limited access to technology in the home. So, using technology to explore and study the stock market will broaden their horizons on a new and extraordinary world. \n\nEconomic education is real life, because all young people will grow up and become part of the marketplace. The laptop will enable my students to participate in the national program of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. It is called the Stock Market Game. This game allows students and teachers the opportunity to invest a virtual $100,000 in stocks, bonds, and mutual funds throughout an engaging 10-week simulation each semester. The laptop will provide the students the necessary technology needed to effectively utilize this stock market program. Teaching children about the stock market is an effective way to put mathematics, logic, analytical, and reasoning skills to use in a real-world application. In addition to that, the laptop will enable my students to analyze their stocks and have a lot of fun watching their investments grow. Investing is an important real-life skill for any person who is or wants to become financially successful. \n\nIt's important to work on students' financial awareness early on in their educational experience. This lesson will help put my students on the road to handling money responsibly, if they are able to participate in the stock market game with the laptop. It is important to plant seeds early about money within my students, so that they are able to bear fruit later on in the economy. 
446:::My 8th grade classroom is one that welcomes all students from diverse backgrounds and challenges them to see the real world applications of mathematics. I dare students to loose their fear of mathematics in order for them to understand how it will be useful in their daily lives. \n\nMy 8th graders continue to surprise me everyday. They are truly remarkable because regardless of what I send their way, they put forth effort, hard work, and dedication. They help each other achieve goals. They motivate each other to persevere through difficult tasks. Most of my students endure many personal battles outside of school, are reading/writing at a second grade level, and have grown up believing that they are no good at math. \nAs an educator, my responsibility is to make sure my students feel safe, lose their fear of math, learn to read/write, become critical thinkers, and persevere in achieving self-set goals and class/state goals. After all, their successes are my successes. I try my best to always be there for them whether it is at the finish line of their cross country meet, the bleachers at their soccer match, or in the audience listening to their reclassification speech.  \n\nMy 8th graders will use the tablet for creating presentations, essays, spreadsheets, and be able to do math in the 21st century. A tablet will promote inquiry-based research, connect students interest to mathematics, and prepare students for great futures/careers.\nMy 8th graders will benefit from having a tablet in many ways. For starters, no need to wait for a computer lab to be open to do a research project. A tablet will promote not only the use of 21st century technology skills but also encourage collaboration, communication, creativity, and critical thinking. \n \n\nMy 8th graders will benefit from having a tablet in many ways. For starters, no need to wait for a computer lab to be open to do a research project. A tablet will promote not only the use of 21st century technology skills but also encourage collaboration.  
447:::My students learn best through hands-on and interactive learning. What better way to learn than to utilize the thousands of apps on our three new iPads! \n\nMy 12 students range in age from 7-12 years old. Each one has varying abilities that make them unique. Most of my students communicate through body language, sign language, and communication devices. My students go to a regular public school so they are able to be included in the general education environment as much as possible. Through these interactions my students have learned so much. \n\nMy students will be able to use these iPads not only to learn basic skills but also to communicate their wants and needs. There are thousands of apps that are tailored towards students with special needs and that teach important life skills, communication, as well as math and language arts skills that are crucial to them being successful. \n\nThese iPads will improve my classroom and create a more positive and effective learning environment. Technology is so rewarding for my students that they will allow them to be focused and engaged while learning and practicing skills on the iPad.  
448:::Some students have not fully developed realistic options for their future goals. The career and college research center will help students take ownership and increase interest in career options based on interest, skill and knowledge. \n\nWe are a small middle school (6th - 8th grade) with about 65% of the student population receiving free and reduced breakfast and lunch, 96% of our students are African American. We have a total of 475 students and 2 School Counselors. The School Counseling office works extremely hard to make sure we are preparing our middle schoolers for a bright and successful future. \n\nThey will be able to watch current videos of STEM careers that may be of interest to them; in order to gain understanding of that career option. They will be able to analyze whether a career is a viable option for them, as they begin the exploration stage of career and college readiness.  \n\nThis is the final part of a 3 part process. We were able to get materials, set up a space and now this is the final piece we need to finish our Career and College research station. We can't wait to share this wonderful space with all of our students!  
449:::My first graders are fun, smart, and bursting with energy! I have a class filled with students who are extremely intelligent and creative. However, many of my students have a difficult time sitting down and focusing on the lesson.  \n\nI teach a class of first graders who  go to a title I school and are from a low-economic community where parents have a hard time providing support and teachers do not get enough resources. I have several students who need constant movement and therefore do not stay on task.  In our classroom we use whole brain teaching techniques and we are constantly engaged in the classroom.  When we go to our seats to work we have a hard time staying focused and sitting still. \nIf you've ever visited a 1st grade classroom, you would be surprised by the number of students standing! Sitting is not a natural phenomenon for young students. Six and seven year old children are active; movement is natural!  \n\nThere have been several studies using Stability Balls in classrooms. The results have been very positive. Studies concluded that students ability to focus increased because they were able to concentrate longer, the quality of their work increased, and the number of student-generated interruptions during the school day decreased! Additionally, schools reported that students using the balls were less fidgety and more engaged in their class activities. \nThere are 3 main purposes for using the ball chairs and incorporating movement into the classroom:\n1.Movement increases blood flow to the brain, which is better for brain function (and learning!).\n2.Movement helps children "get the wiggles out" which aides their natural need to move.  This helps them focus by expending the excess energy they build up throughout the day.\n3.Sitting on a stability ball supports and builds their core mucles.  Pediatritians are finding that children in the last 10 years are suffering from poor core strength due to the pratices that are used while they are infants and small children (swings, back to sleep, car seats/ carriers, strollers, activity rings).  They are not developing the same strength as previous generations.  This also helps develop large motor muscles, which support small motor muscles (think writing and hand strength).\n \n\nThe integration of stability balls will improve my classroom environment, allowing students to move throughout the day, therefore improving facets that will lead to improved academic performance. You can imagine how these stability balls will improve student motivation and self esteem of students who often are criticized for their overactive classroom behavior! I believe that all students can be successful if we are open to finding solutions that work for them! 
450:::Do you know what it feels like to be sent to school two hours late without first having a shower or any breakfast? Well, many of my students come to school in this state quite often. Nutrition should be on the mind of most parents, but for many it takes a back seat to other more critical issues.\n\n \n\nI am an elementary school teacher. We are a hard to staff school and more than 90% of our students participate in the free lunch program. Our student body is predominantly African American with a small Hispanic population.\n\nOur school is located opposite a large housing project where most of the inhabitants fall into the low social economic bracket. Getting an education is a struggle for the young people in this community, as they are faced daily with many severe challenges. Many of our students come from single family homes and have parents who are incarcerated or involved in gang activity. Arriving at school on time with a good breakfast and homework completed is difficult.\n\n \n\nFor many years now I have worked with a nutritionist to facilitate a nutrition forum involving our students, in an effort to help them make more healthy choices. I want to have some healthy snacks such as cases of nuts, granola, pretzels and some water, to give to my students  so that they can better focus and learn. I want the children to get in the habit to making healthier choices.\n\nEach day a student of mine comes to me to say "I am hungry".  They can not do any work when they are hungry and getting something form the cafeteria is not always an option.  Mom can not always pack a snack.\n\nPerhaps if these youngsters tasted different types of snacks they might try them more often. Many of my students are greatly overweight. One in every three NYC school children are obese. I see how this fact affects them daily, it's difficult for them to run and play and have fun with their friends at recess. Many retreat into the building and try to sit at a computer, or they might lean on the fence and watch the others run and play.\n\n \n\nMy project is important because there is a critical need for educators to address the issue of obesity in our schools. Too many of our children are suffering. Too many of them cannot focus for they are hungry at times. My hope is that with some healthy snacks these youngsters will be able to focus more and in turn learn more daily. 
451:::Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on."\nFor many students, the idea of "starting writing," fills them with fear. This project aims at helping our students improve their idea development, written expression, and vocabulary skills. \n\nWe have a wonderful group of fifth graders representing a wide range of abilities, interests and needs. Hope School is a five-six building where we utilize two person teaching teams. I teach literacy and social studies to our team of 54 students. Many of our students are unmotivated readers and writers and several have emergent level skills. A center approach allows us to work with individuals and small groups and can be more motivating to struggling learners. Literacy centers can allow for a wide variety of tasks which can appeal to diverse learners. With a center approach we can support students whether they have needs with comprehension, written expression, or vocabulary. Small group work enables us to differentiate instruction to target our students lagging skills and needs. \n\nDuring their literacy center time, our fifth graders will be able to enhance their writing skills in a variety of ways. Students will be able to work in collaborative groups to develop ideas for writing, revise and edit their drafts and publish their final pieces. Through literacy centers, students will spend time reading and responding to non-fiction high interest texts. They will create opinion pieces, narratives and essays with engaging prompts and though-provoking topics. Students will refine their vocabulary as well, working in centers to improve word choice and utilize figurative language. Center time will also allow students to share their published work with the community of writers, getting immediate support, and feedback. \n\nHelping our students to become better writers will enable them to grow in all content areas. Writing is a tool our children can use to share their stories, express their opinions, and explain their understandings. Our students need to learn "The Write Stuff" to help them truly soar as learners. 
452:::Every day, I focus on what each child can do.  In my classroom, we support every child's ability to succeed.  It's the ability that matters, not the disability. \n\nMy students are curious learners with multiple disabilities, sensory impairments, and exhibit global developmental delays.   My special education class is in a school district with a low socioeconomic status with most of our students' qualify for free or reduced school meal program. \n\nActive engagement in sensory experiences provides opportunities for each child to investigate and explore the environment using their senses.   Providing materials to engage my students in enriching learning opportunities is so important to their development and learning.  These resources will not only improve sensory ability but also improve cognitive, social, and motor skills by providing opportunities for children to communicate, problem solve, and build confidence in their abilities.  The materials I am requesting are from a specialty catalog for students with disabilities. My students need a sand/water table and lap trays that are wheelchair accessible, and a waterproof sensory mat for sensory play. These materials will help my students  with limited motor skills access tools to paint, draw, write, and communicate with others. \n\nI am amazed to see my students' grow in ability and confidence each day despite the challenges they face.  Donations to this project will improve my classroom by helping to provide a learning environment in which all children can participate, progress, and shine. 
453:::My students would really like to learn more about the world outside of their class room and home. I am a Special Education teacher of 5 Autistic young men. As part of our curriculum I take them to work sites everyday in hopes of learning a trade for employment after they graduate. \n\nLast year one of the local newspapers delivered the newspapers to our building. My students enjoyed the papers and looked up current events from our surrounding area. We also used it for the weather. There are so many lessons a teacher can do based around the events listed in a newspaper! The pictures alone prompted many conversations between myself and my students. \nUnfortunately the newspaper stopped donating the papers to my class. My students are disappointed. They miss our daily routine of checking the local and citywide news and I miss the opportunity to show them things they would not look up on their own. We have 2 old computers but I have 5 students so I can never do a group lesson. \n\nOne of the papers that used to deliver to us now has an online paper for educators and their students. They have given my students and myself free access to this. However with only 2 computers we cannot do group lessons. With your help I envision a room where I can eventually have every student sitting at their own computer or iPad. We will use the iPad with protective case and online newspaper for various subjects across the curriculum including Math, Literacy, Vocabulary, Science, Social Studies and Life Skills. An iPad will also increase communication between my verbal and non verbal students. \n\nMy students are frustrated that they cannot do an activity that they enjoy. As a teacher that says a lot to me. My students are asking for information! They enjoy reading about things outside of their immediate world. Having newer technology such as an iPad will motivate my students to learn. Your help will make a difference in the way my students learn. 
454:::In our inner-city class, we engage learning with every one of our senses. Every day is about discovery. We sing our lessons. We dance them. We chant, draw, practice, dramatize, touch, and build. The colorful, literacy-rich environment accelerates reading, with words to explore on every surface \n\nSome would say the odds are against us, at a school in a high-poverty area. That  doesn't stop us from being one of the top performing kindergartens in the city. These children are all naturally bright, talented, and just need the enrichment to thrive. On our last district ACP test, 100% of students passed with an average reading score of 94%. Before the year was up, we were already borrowing materials from the next grade level. At a school where ninety-three percent of students in the school qualify for free lunch, there are many obstacles that other children wouldn't have to overcome, but we have still achieved an Exemplary rating from the state. Why? When we get curious, we can't stop. Our class is our haven from all the other concerns in the bigger world, and here we can focus on the joy of learning. \n\nSometimes, just having these magazines every week is enough to help a child fall in love with reading-- something that will change their life forever. I think "Weekly Reader" can excite kids about reading enough to make them the weekly reader. \n\nEach magazine in the bundle arrives over 32 weeks in the school year. Their eyes light up, eager to read the newest issue. I can use these magazines to supplement our regular curriculum with engaging and colorful nonfiction on important science and social studies topics. This fun magazine also helps build foundational reading skills with simple texts, content vocabulary, and scaffolding strategies. Since subscriptions also come with comprehensive online resources, if we are particularly excited about an issue, we can connect to the online resources with related videos, skills sheets, interactive games, and more. Students can take home the magazines and read them with family, proudly displaying their treasures and ability to read them. \n\nWeekly Reader magazine energizes students about reading something that they can touch and keep. Since they are designed with my students' reading levels in mind, it reinforces the foundations of essential early learning skills with exciting seasonal science and social studies topics. Read about bugs! Plants! Jobs! The high-quality informational texts build foundational reading skills with text features, content vocabulary, and scaffolding strategies, to support higher-order thinking skills. 
455:::Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness...Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime."\n\n- Mark Twain \n\nOur students attend a low-income renaissance school in North Philadelphia. Many of our students have never had the opportunity to leave the state or even the city limits. We believe that it is critical to their education to provide opportunities for them to see life outside of their everyday routine, a routine often filled with the effects of drugs and violence. Our students have chosen to rise above. All of the students attending this trip have shown heart in the classroom with their grades, their behavior, and their attendance. Students are required to maintain at least a 3.0 GPA and have 85% attendance throughout the year as a requirement for the trip. Also, many of our students are in their first year of Spanish and are enthusiastic about learning this new language as a way to communicate. This year they have already outperformed their previous counterparts by over 30% on benchmark tests aligned to the national Spanish exam. We are excited about their desire and achievement. \n\nCan you imagine getting off the plane in a new country and being surrounded by a different language and culture? Now, can you imagine your excitement when you realize that you are able to understand and communicate in the new language being spoken around you? We hope to make this a reality for our students. This will be a culminating language and cultural learning experience in Puerto Rico, including 4 nights in a local hotel, authentic meals, and interaction with locals. In addition, our students will be able to implement the knowledge learned in Biology and History as they explore the Museum of the Americas, the Yunque National Forrest, and the Castle San Felipe del Morro. Also, our students will engage with the community in a collaborative service project and fulfill their service requirement for high school graduation. Of course, a trip to Puerto Rico wouldn't be complete without a little Spanish at the beach. Students will also have free time to enjoy the water and the weather. \n\nThe most formative experiences of my life have come from traveling the world, meeting new people, and experiencing new culture. Likewise, I am certain that this trip can be a life-changing event for our students. In preparation they will be motivated to achieve in the classroom. During the trip, they will be exposed to new cultures and ideas. After the trip, they will have a raised vision and understanding of future possibility. Our students will be driven to succeed in college, career, and life.
456:::At the end of this year, I want my students to have developed an immense curiosity for learning. This curiosity will hopefully make them into lifelong learners who are able to purposefully achieve their goals. \n\nMy students love to share experiences and ideas with their classmates and families. They are energetic and love to learn. Unfortunately many of my students don't have access to quality books at home (more than 90% of students are from low income families). Many families are working two jobs and find it difficult to spend time reading with their children. Providing engaging books that allow for individual interests is key in increasing literacy levels for my students.\n\n \n\nOur classroom library has a good amount of fiction books but lacks non-fiction books that are focused on a particular subject. These books will give my students the ability to choose an animal that they are curious about to research for a classroom project. The research project will incorporate science, social studies, writing, reading and math. They will also present their project to the class which will give them a chance to share their knowledge and gain confidence in their ability. I know they will be excited and eager to read these non-fiction books! \n\nThese books will help my children realize that each of us has our own interests but that we can all work towards a common learning goal. Encouraging their curiosity about the world around them will help them see reading as an important part of lifelong learning.  
457:::Uno, dos, tres! Es la hora hablar ingles! Bienvenidos to our bilingual third and fourth grade classroom! I have 21 adventurous, energetic and futbol-loving students! Our goal for this year is to become better learners and to fall in love with learning! \n\nMy students all come from needy families in our town. Ironically it is the town that I grew up in and the town that built me. In my room we are not a group of students but a community. Not only do they spend all day together, but they also live next door to each other and play on the same soccer teams. With that being said, I hold community meetings everyday where we discuss problems in our lives or anything the students would like to share. This has helped me build a special relationship with each student. \n\nWe have come a long way since August. Initially we were all below the 25% percentile. However, with some encouraging words and a little motivation we have ignited our passion for reading. Now, we can't get enough of it! \n\nIn addition, my students love to play outside. When it is warm they ask me to write "outside" on the board. When they behave well or do a "random act of kindness" I fill in a letter of outside. When all of the letters are filled, we play! Work hard, play harder! \n\nNow that we have sparked our passion for learning we are in need of more books! Every day I read out loud to the students. I believe that all students should be read aloud to. However, I have found that the students really enjoy when I read classic stories, such as The Giving Tree, or The Very Hunger Caterpillar in Spanish. Many of them have expressed that they are not read to at home. I want every student to have the opportunity to relax and be able to listen to a good story. These are stories that have shaped me as a learner and I want to give the same experience to my students. We plan to read the stories during "leer en la voz alta" and then the students will also have the opportunity to read them individually during silent reading. \n\nBooks can act as magic for the toughest learners. They can make a child smile, belly laugh, bring them to tears of joy, or even say, "Wow, maestra I read that!" \n\nThese books will not just be one gift but a gift that keeps giving. Every time a student opens one of these books they will find the same happiness that many of us found when we read these classic picture books. They will be excited and hopefully remember the special year where they fell in love with reading. 
458:::My classroom is a very interactive room and my students love to discover new and exciting things. What better way to make that learning even more exciting than by using apps on the iPads. Oh the fun we can have while learning! \n\nThe students in my classroom come from various backgrounds, including different cultures and socioeconomic levels. They love learning, especially when the activity is new and exciting. Many of the students do not have access to computers or other types of technology at home, but they see these things on television or hear others talking about them and wish they could use them. It is my desire that each one of my students has the opportunity to increase their learning through the use of iPad apps. The school my classroom is located in is a small rural school that does not have access to a lot of funding for extras, such as computers and iPads. My students love using the technology we do have available in the classroom to discover new skills and review skills already taught. \n\nThe students will be able to pair up and use the iPads in reading and math centers. Each student will be allotted time throughout the day to use the many learning apps available for the iPad. The use of these apps will increase the students mastery of the required Kindergarten skills and increase their knowledge of technology usage. \n\nThis project will help provide technology to students that might never have the opportunity to use technology outside of the school day. It will also help to increase the attainment of the necessary skills to become a stronger reader and mathematician. 
459:::I have a great group of preschoolers. Many of my preschoolers are moving on to kindergarten next year. They are all really excited about learning about letters. They all love to learn. \n\nMy class is made up of a many different students. They range in age from three to five years old. Many of my students are English Language Learners and there are many who have special needs. We are located in a large elementary school outside of a large city. Many of the students in our school are low income. \n\nMy kids love to learn. They are really excited to have hands-on materials to learn about the world around them. They especially love to try to write. We try to offer them different types of activities that increase their alphabet knowledge.  \n\nMy students will use all the requested materials to have hands-on alphabet experiences. They will use the play dough and letter cutters to help them learn what the letters look like and to build their favorite their names. Students will use the letter stamps and stampers in the same way. Getting practice in seeing the letters and using their names will help my students to build skills so that they are prepared for kindergarten.   \n\nMany of my students will be headed to kindergarten in the fall. Students with a good alphabet awareness do better in learning to read than other students. We want our students to have the best foundation from us before they leave for kindergarten. Every opportunity they have to practice with letters will increase the likelihood that they will be ready to learn to read when they arrive in kindergarten and will not need remediation. 
460:::Students come in with various backgrounds and family dynamics, all of whom have preconceived notions about their math abilities. I want my students to have a love for learning and know that they can achieve any goal that they set for themselves with hard work and determination.  \n\nMy students are a mix of Caucasian, Hispanic, and African American children who come from families that live around the poverty level. Some students live in hotels or in their vehicles. I teach at a Title I middle school where students come from all walks of life. Some of my students do not have access to technology at home so they cannot access educational resources that would help them be successful.  \n\nIf my students are able to use these tablets in the classroom, they will watch instructional videos made by me. Once they watch instructional videos online, they will come to class the next day ready to discuss and ask/answer questions. Students will also be given the opportunity to make their own videos to teach each other concepts we are learning. My goal is to have a completely "flipped classroom" where the lecture part of class is done at home leaving more time in class for me to work one on one with students.  \n\nThe donations will improve my classroom by allowing me time to work with struggling students in class because I will not be taking class time to lecture students on content. They will be able to check out the tablets to take home and watch videos for instruction. My students who were previously failing in math would then be above the average because I will be able to close gaps in learning.  
461:::I remember getting my first year book; the excitement of receiving it and having my friends sign it. However, books fall apart. Now, with technology, a digital yearbook can last a lifetime. I also remember the fist time I read Greek Mythology and that memory will last a forever. \n\nMy students are inquisitive and self motivated. They attend a gifted magnet within a Title I elementary school. Every day is a learning experience for them. I look forward to going to work every day to see what I will learn from them. They are creative, unique, and original. They are capable of doing so much and are willing to challenge themselves. Students like mine deserve to have their memories preserved through photography and made into a digital yearbook. \n\nI am requesting a digital camera, a case for the camera, and memory card, in order to preserve the memories of my students fifth grade year and make new memories. I am also requesting Greek Mythology curriculum to expose my students to history through literature. My students love reading the Percy Jackson series. I see their faces light up when they are able to nab one from my class library. I would love to see the same excitement on their faces when they are making a connection with their literature and the actual history of Greek Mythology. We also take a class field-trip to the Getty Villa, where they can view artifacts from ancient Greece. \n\nBy receiving the Greek Mythology curriculum, my students will be able to make a connection with literature and history and see that history come to life in our real world. By receiving the camera, my students will be able to look back at their fifth grade year through a digital yearbook that will last a life time. 
462:::Class, Class, Class!!! Yes, Yes, Yes!! Are we ready? Yes we are! Is the start to my class every morning. Energy is a must in a reading class in order to motivate my students to push beyond their disadvantages. \n\nReading with students today has become something of the past. It is becoming more of a punishment as opposed to something that is meant for fun. Students only use it when they need it; whether it is for school testing or a game. I want to change that!\n\nThis being my first year teaching, I truly believe that I have found my calling! Serving in a Title 1 school in which almost 98% of our students receive free or reduce lunch, does not hinder my mission to help see my students succeed. \n\nI make it my mission to motivation students of all age! I have been blessed to be given 42 awesome 3rd graders! Although they majority of student who are declared at risk and performing well below grade level, it does not stop them from trying! They come in everyday ready and willing to learn. \n\nI am calling on all donors to assist me in giving my students the additional resources in the classroom that would otherwise not be available to them. I believe adding addition computers, iPads, and books will open my students up to reading more. \n\nIn my class I see my children becoming emerged in learning and technology. Because they do not have internet access at home, I see them using the computers and iPads as a way to access approved internet based intervention websites during centers, that assist them with text fluency, comprehension, spelling, and vocabulary. This will allow them the ability to not only open their imagination up, but help them with become technological savvy in today's society as it becomes apart of everyday life. \n\nFurthermore, I would like to see my students utilizing more books and develop a love for reading. I want them to be able to open their imagination up to understanding and comprehending,  while still working on their learned strategies for reading \n\nWith my awesome third grade leaders, I see them growing in their literacy as well as their confidence. Being able to read and preform with their peers, is a natural confidence builder. Furthermore, I believe that it will show them that all things are possible. Teaching them that although they may not have it, there are multiple outlets this will assist them in reaching their goals.  
463:::The mere mention of poetry strikes fear in the hearts of many teens. Asking one of these students to author a poem is like asking him to scale Mount Everest. The idea may be intriguing, but it appears to be an impossible feat. \n\nI am a special education English teacher at a vocational high school on Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Cape Cod, with its pristine beaches and scenic views, is thought to be the quintessential summer vacation spot for many families. However, behind the backdrop of its splendor, this popular destination has a different tone. Unemployment for year round residents on the Cape is high, and many families struggle to make ends meet. These disadvantages are compounded by my students' learning disabilities. However, these young adults have amazing spirits, and I am continually humbled by their steadfast determination. They understand the hardships they face and, though sometimes discouraged, they persevere. Each of my students, in his or her own way, is a success story. They push me to be a better teacher and a better person. \n\nThe books I have chosen, such as Spoken Word Revolution and Poetry Slam, are varied and will introduce my students to different voices of poetry. They will read poems by teens, like themselves, who speak of love, family, and life. They will then read about beauty and hardship through the works of famous poets like Shakespeare and Emily Dickinson. Once exposed to the poems of others, my students will compose their own poetry and will recite their original works at a Poetry Slam. They will use markers, paper, mats, and calligraphy pens to create a beautiful display of their individual poems. \n\nThis lesson will expose my students to diverse perspectives within poetry, but all will connect them to the ultimate beauty hidden within this genre. My hope is that it will open the teens' eyes to a new appreciation for poetry. 
464:::What's the sign for...? What does this word mean? We need American Sign Language dictionaries to enhance receptive and expressive language. \n\nDeaf students face exceptional challenges in all academic areas, but I aim at supporting my students reading by using visual dictionaries in their mode of communication to encourage my students to work hard towards mastery of language arts, writing, and reading comprehension skills.My students are anywhere from mildly hard-of-hearing to profoundly deaf. They come from homes where communication is extremely limited, as many of their families speak Spanish primarily and do not sign; some have no communication at all. Most of them rely on the use of sign language. They attend a regional day school for the deaf, which is the only one of its kind in our area. They are bussed in from surrounding cities and some travel more than 45 miles each day. Coming from homes with no communication, they struggle with day-to-day vocabulary and experiences. Our students already exhibit gaps in reading comprehension due to these communication deficits. \n\nHelp them see the way to better language. These instructional dictionaries will be beneficial in my classroom of struggling learners. Visual materials of any nature are extremely helpful in instruction, and these materials are just that!  They will aid in the learning of proper word usage. The ASL dictionaries will help my beginning and intermediate readers to improve their reading comprehension skills and work on their vocabulary skills. \n\nAll of these materials will help my students to be more successful and confident learners. Students will have access to these dictionaries during classroom activities and during classroom and state assessments to enhance their understanding of language. 
465:::Math is a four letter word! However, creating Interactive Student Notebooks can be a blast. I'd love to turn my iPad into a document camera to help students create their ISNs. I want them to enjoy math and have a resource they can refer back to for years of math to come. \n\nMy students are 7th and 8th graders. We work and learn together in a self-contained classroom. They are super excited about technology right now as we've just gone one-to-one with iPads. Our school is a very small K-8 elementary with approximately 120 students. Our class is 23 students large. Many of the students are from low-income families in a community where generational poverty is prevalent. They enjoy hands-on activities and everything social. They are really enjoying our new technology and I enjoy sharing how to make technology and exciting and challenging learning tool. \n\nThis document camera stand will allow me to turn our iPads into a doc cam and project to the class any work we are doing on paper. I'm particularly excited to use it in building our math interactive student notebooks. These notebooks include foldables, notes, diagrams and even a little artwork. Being able to project my own notebook or my hands folding a graphic organizer will streamline the work and keep the class running smoothly. I'm especially excited about the built-in light. Right now, I'm running between the light switch and the document I want to project to take pictures and write over the photo. Not efficient! \n\nI'm also excited about the endless possibilities for kids to project work. For example, a current mapping project would allow students to bring their own map to the doc cam to show other students their strategies. \n\nIt will make our learning and sharing efficient and help us maximize the potential of our iPads. We haven't had a document camera in our class at all. I'm excited that my iPad can help me teach without turning my back, share student work instantly, and demonstrate everything from a science lab to a math problem! 
466:::Every morning my students enter the room quietly. Quiet mornings allow my students to transition into their day in a peaceful way. During the day, my students work collaboratively helping each other. Favorite quote: "Read Like a Writer!" \n\nI have a fantastic group of third grade students. They are smart, funny, and willing to share their goals and dreams with anyone willing to listen. My class consist of 9 energetic boys and 4 creative girls. They work hard and are working diligently to improve their skills. They have great stories to tell about their lives, and those things in their environment that contribute to who they are.\n\nThey come from a low socioeconomic background, but have middle class values. Their parents want for them what all parents want - for their children to achieve more in life than they did.\n\nMy school consist of Pre-k through 8th grade students. It is a high poverty school with 100% eligibility for free lunch. Our staff consistently motivates our students to put forth effort in all that they do. We want to ensure that our students are being prepared for college or a career, as they transition from one grade to the next. \n\nMy students love reading and writing. When I told my students that we had the opportunity to receive supplies through DonorsChoose, they were elated. They immediately begin to think about supplies they needed to make their learning "come alive." A round table for writing was at the top of their list. My students love writing, and are looking forward to having an area where they can collaborate on their stories. Book series were 2nd on their list, followed by colored paper, and pens for writing. With these materials my students will finally feel like writers. They will have the materials needed to propel their writing to higher levels. \n\nWhen students are able to write independently they write more and learning increases. When students are able to share their thinking and opinions with their peers, learning increases. With the resources from DonorsChoose, I will be able to have students write authentically in an environment conducive to writing. Donations to my project will give my students a voice through writing. 
467:::I have students that have difficulty reading complex text because of learning disabilities. My goal is to unable them to read and become apart of the literary conversation by providing them with technology that they will be comfortable using. \n\nMy students are Sixth and Seventh graders who live in East New York, Brooklyn, NY. Over 90 percent of my students are mandated for free lunch and some of my students live in homeless shelters and low-income housing. Although my most of my students live below the poverty line, most of them are hard workers that try their best.\n\n \n\nThe reason I want to order an iPad is to support students that have difficulty reading complex texts. Because of common core, students must read challenging texts in order to be college ready. In order to provide my students with the support they need, electronic books can be downloaded to the I-pad to assists with reading, so they can be apart of the literary conversation. \n\nThis donation will improve my classroom by allowing students that have difficulty reading read more fluently and with comprehension, so they will be able to evaluate the text. This will help my students be more confident during reading time and complete their assignments will 90 percent accuracy. 
468::: I am hoping to have my students ready for Kindergarten by the end of the year!  We are getting closer and closer to that goal everyday day!\n"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go."  Dr. Seuss \n\nMy students are my reason for teaching.  They are students who are in need of help before entering Kindergarten. My kids are very eager to learn and show off their learning to visitors in our classroom.  Their parents read stories to them every night with the Lending Library we send home with them.  We try to encourage reading as much as possible with our students! \n\nMost of my students could not say the alphabet or identify any letters when they came to me.  We are now at the point where they know their letters and letter sounds.  Our book center is one they visit daily but I feel they do not get as much out of that center as they could with the Tag system.  At this point all they can do is look at the pictures in the book center.  With the Tag system, the students will be able to tap the words they need help with, hear them being read and hopefully increase their reading skills. \n\nDonations to this project would help get my students even more ready for Kindergarten!  The students are so excited that they are starting to be able to read some words.  This would help reinforce the process of sounding out words and putting them together to saying the whole word.  I am hoping this will help instill a love of reading from their first year of school. 
469:::Our class motto is: "The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra and it might even get you that job!"  This motto is often heard being chanted by my students.  We strive everyday to give our best, but sometimes the winter blues get in the way of our focus \n\nI have 29 amazing fifth grade students in my classroom.  My student's academic needs are varied as are their levels of focus.  Most of my students sit on therapy balls to help with focus and core posture.  I have noticed over the past four years, there has been less behavior issues and better focus since I have changed the seating option. \n\nI plan to have my students take turns using the exercise bike throughout the school day.  Since the bike will be placed at the back of the room it can be used during teacher instruction time as well.  The bike will also serve as a wonderful support for my students who sometimes need to leave the room for sensory breaks.  They will now be able to ride on the bike during times of anxiety or times when focus has been lost. \n\nResearch has shown after exercise, students are sharper, more attentive, less impulsive and fidgety.  I know that with an addition of an exercise bike for our classroom it will help my students to sustain  attention for longer periods of time. In addition, it will serve as a sensory break for those students who usually have to leave the classroom and miss out on classroom instruction. 
470:::I have the privilege of teaching 40 amazing 3, 4, and 5 year olds everyday. My students love having access to educational games that reinforce what has been taught throughout the year. \n\nWe are a small neighborhood school in Illinois. As you enter our building, you immediately feel the love, warmth, caring, and dedication. My Pre-kindergarten class consists of forty 3, 4 and 5 year olds. As children enter my classroom in September, it is their first experience with school. They are so excited about starting school. My students have a zest for learning. They are curious explorers. \n\nWith these resources, my students have access to information anytime, anywhere. They will also have access to learning games that will reinforce what they have been taught. My students feel empowered when they see something they are interested in, and are able to go to the computer and look it up. Their eyes light up when they see pictures light up the screen. They get so excited when they are able to match letters and sounds. It's amazing to see. These resources will give them a head start on their future. \n\nWe currently have computers on our classroom that are very old and usually don't work. They have been repaired many times, yet they breakdown regularly. Because of this, my students do not have regular access to the Internet. These resources would allow them to have regular access to the Internet for research and reinforcement of material taught. These will also be mobile allowing use for while group instruction, as well as individual and small group. 
471:::As a 1st year teacher, my philosophy in teaching is showing my students the importance of math in and out of the classroom. I take pride in my students not only getting the right answer, but understanding  the core concepts involved. I love math, and now most of my students share that same sentiment \n\nI thought that kids were kids, no matter where you go, but after teaching this group of young 5th grade students, I have to say that this class is exceptionally special. I could go on and on the some of the trials and tribulations my students have gone through to make it to class each day or to turn in their homework on time, but the hard work and dedication these kids have shown is proof enough that I have a special classroom. I teach in Las Vegas, Nevada, where the days and nights blur into one and the city never sleeps. I teach a lot of students whose parents share this insane, unusual schedule. Except you wouldn't guess that from the way their children behave in my class. Call it extraordinary, but each student shows up each day ready to work and dive head first into education. If I ever need a reason to continue doing what I love, I look no further than my own amazing class. \n\n5th grade common core has some very difficult and original concepts that students must face entering from 4th grade. Decimals, fractions, measurement, algebraic thinking, and geometry are some of the key ideas introduced, and some of these are new and foreign concepts to some students. In order to effectively teach these, it is imperative to have the necessary tools. My students need 60 magnetic white boards and 40 dry erase markers in order to demonstrate their ability to show coordinate points on a grid, as well as activity stations for our blended classroom.  One of these tools used to model and demonstrate is the white board, but not just any white board, white boards with graphing qualities already engraved onto them. This class set will help students enjoy learning geometry, and help them model coordinate points onto a coordinate grid. With the activity package, my students can have a station rotation with different subjects in each. All of these tools will help boost my students learning capacity for 5th grade math!  \n\nMy students are using traditional, outdated tools to show their work. It takes time and resources using pencil and paper when learning how to graph. I want to streamline this process and add more time to instruction so that I can take those extra precious few minutes to help those students that are struggling, or challenge those students who are above the learning curve. This purchase will go a long way in my classroom to achieve these goals. Thank you so much for helping my dream come true! 
472:::Remember the first time you were able to read a story without any help? I want my students to experience that joy and excitement that comes with reading a story without adult assistance.\n\nThe smile on my students' faces every day show me that they are excited to learn and read. My students are energetic, fascinating, and eager to learn. Currently in my school, 90% of the student population qualifies for free or reduced-price lunch and over 10% receive Special Education Services.\n\nI am a third grade Special Education Teacher. The students I work with have been identified as having various disabilities, and because of this, they sometimes struggle academically. I want to provide them with opportunities to feel successful.   \n\nSpeakaboos is a digital media form that allows students to read and interact with books online. Speakaboos are a great resource for students since all they need access to is a computer. Students can practice their reading skills at home, school, library or almost anywhere! Speakaboos are a great resource and exposures students to a variety of literary genres they may not get at home such as fairy tales and nursery rhymes. They provide many great interactive resources for stories, allowing students to really become immersed with the story. Because it's online, students can read their favorite stories again and again helping to build fluency! \n\nMy students' reading will improve with this resource because it will give them the opportunity to read, even over the summer. I believe Speakaboos will help give my students the reading skills and confidence to be successful readers while engaging them with materials that are at their interest and ability level. 
473:::Here's a great book!"\n"Is it a book for boys or girls?"\n"Both!!"\nNow that is a moment that will bring the book discussions to another level. \n\nOur school is located in a high poverty community. My 6th grade students are terrific kids who love learning and school. They are part of a large middle school, grades 6-8. There are many needs and not much money left over for print materials like books. Many of our students live in homes with multiple families with little space and few resources. Books are sometimes a luxury for our kids. \n\nMy students are always looking for unique opportunities to show who they are.  Teachers are always looking for unique opportunities to channel that enthusiasm into learning moments.  The book series, Divergent, celebrates the uniqueness of each boy and girl.  Students are eager to find books that inspire them to celebrate their uniqueness. Students will conduct reading circles and create their own community factions.  Each community faction will create a "blog". Blogs will look at the condition of the world and design solutions for problems. \n\nThese books take students to a world where being who they want to be is the best choice a boy or girl can make.  I want to encourage my students to examine the world and make choices that will lead them to their dreams.  These books will give them not only great literacy learning, but life learning, as well. Please help our class build that kind of library. 
474:::The thrill and excitement of listening to a story being read aloud will never fade away. Even as adults we all love hearing a good story. For my 3rd graders, a story being read aloud to them serves a much deeper purpose than sheer entertainment, it is a chance to learn much, much more! \n\nMy classroom is filled with 23 bright young minds that are eager to soak up knowledge like sponges! Some of my students enjoy Math and Science, while others prefer the chance to read independently and write endless stories. One thing they can all agree upon though, is that they LOVE listening to a story being read aloud! \n\nThese read alouds serve more of a purpose than just entertainment. Listening to a read aloud is a chance for my students to pick up on oral reading skills. They hear the fluency and inflection in my voice, as well as pick up on rate and the emotion of the characters. \n\nBy giving my students a copy of the book to follow along with me, they can then pick up on the visual cues of where to pause and break in the reading. They are also exposed to new vocabulary, including both the spelling and pronunciation. The benefits of having the same text right in their hands as I read are endless! 
475:::My goal is to meet each of my students where they are and assist them in advancing to where they can be. \n\nI teach a classroom of 11 students with mild-moderate special needs. With a grade range of kindergarten through third, their interests and abilities is varied and vast. They are each unique, curious and constantly eager to learn many new things and I encourage them to follow each of their interests. For my students, finding their areas of strength and passion is imperative for their life long success. In encouraging them to research the subjects they are drawn to, I am in need of a way for them to absorb the information they are discovering. Since many of them are not able to write yet, but all are verbal, voice recorders are the best way for them to commit what they are learning to long term memory! It'll be like oral note taking. These tiny devices will be exponentially beneficial for each one of my students. \n\nMy students have 30 minutes each day in the computer lab to search the internet for information on whatever subject is currently interesting them. We've done this for years, but for the ones who can't write, the process becomes more laborious and time-consuming than it needs to be and their exploration becomes shrouded in struggle. With voice recorders, they'll be able to instantly record interesting info which they can play back to themselves later with the help of their personal headphones. Even just the privilege of using this new technology will inspire them to receive more information. They'll be free to explore without the worry of taking extensive notes on their findings and they'll be challenged to speak clearly so they can understand their own ideas! \n\nI am so grateful that this way to get my students what they need exists. If these recorders and headphones are funded, the beneficial uses for them will continue to multiply, I'm sure of that. This project will open up tons of possibilities for those who are ready to learn and remember much more information than they are currently able to manually record. I can't wait to discover all the valuable lessons we will get from these! 
476:::My students are always getting tangled up in the cords for our listening center.  Wireless headphones would help to untangle this mess. \n\nOur class is a typical rural kindergarten class.  We have 21 students that love to learn.  They light up my day when they walk in the door each morning.  Kindergarten is a great age to teach they are so eager to learn and get so excited about learning new things.\n\nOur students love to listen to different stories at the listening center.  However, we seem to spend a lot of time getting headphones untangled instead of enjoying our classroom listening library.  A small group set of wireless headphones would help us to untangle our mess and focus on our learning. \n\nWith the help of donations for this project my students, for many years, will be able to use these wireless headphones in our listening center.  This is a project that will help my students year after year.
477:::Have you ever tried to learn in an unorganized world? It's hard as an adult do imagine how hard it is for a learning disabled child. \n\nMy students are learning support students in grades Kindergarten through Third who live in an urban setting. They all have learning disabilities in both reading and math, and it is very difficult for them to stay on track when learning. Our district is having major financial difficulties and is not able to provide these students with all the materials that they need to be successful. \n\nMy students need a movable bookshelf to help organize our reading center. By helping us achieve this goal you will be giving my students the opportunity to work and learn in a clean and organized learning environment. This reading center will teach them responsibility for keeping their learning on track by having them organize and maintain their own materials in the classroom. \n\nBy helping to give these students responsibility and freedom to take the reigns of their education you will be helping to create smart/self sufficient students who are ready to make their way in the educational world. 
478:::Ready, set, print! We need to print worksheets, tests, and graphical organizers. \n\nMy math students are first generation college-bound freshmen, juniors, and seniors. They are all minorities of color, both boys and girls, who defy statistics through their dedication and motivation to refine skills that will lead them to success in college and careers.\n\nOur school exists in one of the poorest and most violent neighborhoods in Oakland. We strive to serve the surrounding community by providing a high-quality education, and by interrupting the long-standing patterns of underachievement and persistent high school dropout rates. We are a safe haven for our students: a place for them to discover hope and choose their life paths. \n\nWithout a functioning school copy machine, or even paper, teachers have resorted to their own printers and their own supplies. We need more ink and toner to keep our printer productive! Printing supplemental resources is a daily necessity, but our printer requires ink every couple of months. \n\nThis project request ensures students will have necessary daily resources in class, ready for use to be productive. This project reduces distractions and helps students focus on important learning experiences. Thank you so much for your support!  
479:::We have implemented the LATIC, Learner Active Technology Infused Classroom this year. The students are truly enjoying being responsible for their own learning. \n\nWe are a fifth grade class in Ironia Elementary School in Randolph , NJ. We are an inclusion class. We have some of the most amazing, caring, kind, hardworking students a teacher could ask for. We are enjoying piloting the Learner Active classroom this year in our district. Technology is  a large part of our daily routines. We enjoy working together to take charge of our classroom and ultimately our own learning. \n\nRaising academic rigor, actively engaging students in learning, and building greater student responsibility for learning are worthy goals. In our classroom, we accomplish these goals through the Learner-Active, Technology-Infused Classroom. Students engage in real-world problems that provide a felt need for building curricular skills and concepts. They learn independently and collaboratively with classroom colleagues and others around the world. They use technology seamlessly as a tool for learning. They manage projects, set goals, assess progress, identify resources for learning, and more.\n\nImagine a classroom in which my students can walk in, pick up an ipad to log onto a website that includes their current work and a schedule that they themselves developed a day before.They would then read the comments that I, the teacher, posted for them and start working on activities they decided upon. Student determine what resources they will need to accomplish their tasks. (ex. Audibooks) \n\nThe donation of two iPad minis will help our students complete the problem based units they are asked to solve in our Learner Active Classroom. The use of technology opens many doors for the various learning styles in our classroom. Getting our hands on the newest technology available will help us meet our goals. 
480:::My Health class reaches 260 students each year, and my students need to learn healthy nutritional habits! I like to use a variety of resources to motivate my students. We study Nutrition for five weeks each semester, and we need posters and PowerPoint presentations to help inspire lifelong health.  \n\nWe are a Title I school with 42% of students getting a free or reduced lunch. Because of dedicated teachers and amazing students, we are also a California Distinguished School and a Schools To Watch model middle school! My students are used to working hard and rising to the challenges they face. They enjoy learning and demonstrating their knowledge in unconventional ways, and they really shine when they have access to a variety of resources! The success they achieve in meeting my high standards motivates them to work even harder, then they achieve even more success. It's a great cycle, especially because healthy habits will make a lifelong impact!  \n\nThese materials will make a big impact on my students! The PowerPoint presentations will integrate technology as my students learn about fast food nutrition, energy drinks, and the "MyPlate" program. The PowerPoint clicker will allow me to move around the classroom and stay in close proximity to my students as I present each lesson. Each PowerPoint presentation also has a corresponding poster that will reinforce student learning throughout our five-week Nutrition unit. Together, these resources will create an integral part of our Nutrition curriculum!  \n\nIt is very difficult to find engaging materials about nutrition! My students need access to posters and PowerPoint presentations in order to get the most out of our five-week Nutrition unit. The more resources we can use, the better! These materials will help them complete their Nutrition projects and activities as well as inspiring them to establish healthy eating habits. Thank you for supporting student learning and lifelong health!    
481:::For my students, learning something new is an adventure.  Time and time again I have seen excitement and enthusiasm on their faces as they explore and learn about our world.  The many topics  found in Science A-Z  will open numerous doors for these students. \n\nOur school is located in the southeast corner of Michigan.  We are a diverse school with both blue collar and white collar families.  We also come from a variety of cultural backgrounds.  Our students, though, have become a caring and respectful family.  Our teachers and administrators have emphasized, by example, how to be respectful and courteous to others.  We have few behavior problems and our students strive to be their best at all times.  We have maintained for years a cross-age buddy program which enables the older students to model expected behavior and mentor the younger students. \n\nIn all first grade classrooms it is well known that literature plays an important role in reading fluency and comprehension programs.  But, also as educators have determined, non-fiction books are equally important in reading programs.  Non-fiction books are very useful for developing reading fluency and comprehension skills.   Non-fiction books are not just for science and social studies lessons. Science A-Z will be a useful tool in my classroom as the students will be exploring new science areas while improving reading and comprehension skills.  Also, upon completion of each science book at their level, the students will have an opportunity to answer questions regarding what they have read.  Using Science A-Z daily in the classroom will not only improve reading skills but will open doors for the students, as they become more aware of the world around them. \n\nFunding Science A-Z will make a huge difference in the resources available to the students in my first grade classroom.  The various non-fiction books available for the children to read at their own level will promote a new and lasting interest in all studies of science.  As stated above Science A-Z will impact and improve my first grade program greatly due to the many leveled books, on a variety of subjects, that the program provides to the students. 
482:::Transitional Kindergarten is the first year of a 2-year kindergarten program. My students have just had their 5th birthday, and they are eager and excited to discover the world around them! \n\nThe majority of my Transitional Kindergarten students are English language learners and just experiencing school for the first time. They are curious and energetic scholars, and their desire for knowledge doesn't subside when they go outside to play. \n\nMy students need magnifying glasses, 12 magnifying viewers and a basket for storage. There is so much happening on our playground that is not always obvious unless you turn over some leaves and discover a whole new world. During recess, students will have access to the magnifying glasses and viewers to explore and observe the little creatures living in our garden. \n\nThe requested materials will not only provide additional activities for my students at recess, but they will give my students an opportunity to discover, investigate and develop language about their observations. 
483:::Everyday I try to help my students learn the skills they need to be better students and people. I encourage them to help make the world a better place with positive actions. I model those actions by doing what I can to provide them with the necessary tools they need to learn. \n\nMy students are an extraordinary group of individuals. They are eager and willing to learn. They attend a Title 1 school and live in an inner city in Southern California. Many of my students are English Language Learners and all of them qualify for the free federal lunch program. Some of my students qualify for special education services. They come to school ready and excited about learning. \n\nEvery person should be financially literate. The sooner my students learn about financial literacy the sooner they will be able to share what they've learned with their families. The resources I am requesting will make it easier to teach the necessary skills they need. The dry erase markers and erasers will be used by all to show what we know. The games will used for them to practice.  The rug is to encourage mathematics! \n\nEveryday my students face challenging situations and when one of my projects gets funded they are reenergized with hope that we can make the world a better place. Financial literacy starts today with your generous donations. Thank you in advance for all you do!  
484:::Have you ever had to use a pair of headphones where only the ear works?  These kids are desperately trying to use our new computers, but the foam earphones are not holding up to three class rotations a day.  Please help us get real headphones that will last longer than a month. \n\nThese kids are surrounded by poverty and garbage everyday in their homes and in their neighborhood. Everything they have access to is cheap garbage that breaks, and we wonder why they never take care of their supplies.  We tell them to reach for success each day, but hand them broken earphones to access the world of technology. \n\nOur school works hard to give these kids a great education, but items like headphones get pushed to the side as an unnecessary expense. Unfortunately, I spend 15 minutes a day trying to tape headsets together because the kids in the previous class broke them.  I would rather be teaching. \n\nThis year, we have made a big push to get all students on computers for an hour a day.  However, 33 kids working on various programs creates noise.   These students would use these headphones to work on computers without disrupting the rest of the class.  They could play countless math games that reinforce concepts, listen to audio books, use educational software that has no shortage of bells and whistles, and watch videos that support their research projects.  These headphones will be used daily. \n\nDonorsChoose has allowed me to create a learning environment that makes kids feel successful.  These quality headphones will contribute to that space.  Students will look forward to using the computers because they won't waste half their time trying to find a pair of headphones that aren't broken.  Please help us get the tools we need to be successful. 
485:::Our students are looking to honor those who served in World War II by creating a series of museum displays and bringing in guest speakers to commemorate Victory in Europe. The supplies will help them make the backgrounds and information boards for their exhibits. \n\nThe more than 350 tenth grade students participating in this project attend a public high school in Illinois. Drawing from more than 10 classes, this group is made up of an incredible range of academic abilities and interests and represent a wide range of ethnic, religious, racial, and socioeconomic backgrounds (27% are reported as free or reduced lunch recipients). My students display an assortment of school involvement from athletes to band members and honor rollers to regulars in the dean's office. They are highly motivated by activities that allow them to be social and that offer some ability for them to showcase their knowledge and talents.  \n\nThe Social Science department is hosting a VE Day Celebration. VE Day, short for Victory in Europe, marks the end of WWII in the European Theater. This day is celebrated to honor all those who fought in Allied Forces to maintain freedom around the world. As part of this celebration, a variety of veterans are being invited to speak to groups of students and a museum of historical items and events will be constructed for the entire school to see. \n\nIn order to accomplish such a large event, we need student help. Students are challenged to develop a museum quality historical exhibit centered on events, people, ideas or elements pertaining to World War II. Exhibit must be self-explanatory and contain the following pieces: an original visual aid depicting the element, written explanations and labels, and an annotated bibliography. We are asking for poster boards and headers, paint markers, and accent frames to make the exhibit backgrounds and informational boards professional quality. \n \n\nDonations to this request will provide the basic materials for students to begin building their projects. The materials provided will help equalize the opportunities for all of the groups. Students from the past recall it as a highlight of their historical education, and those students didn't have the opportunity to participate as anything other than observers. Students will be active participants in this memorial event. Their exhibits will be shared with the entire student body and community. 
486:::By the end of the school year I'd like all of my students prepared for middle school.  My biggest challenge currently is not having technology within my classroom to keep all of my students engaged. \n\nThe school I work at is a very caring and loving place.  Each teacher would bend over backwards to do what they can to help you out.  My students come from a variety of backgrounds.  I have 23 lovely students in my homeroom class.  They are always working so well with one another. I have the joy of teaching them for math, science, and social studies.  For english, spelling, and reading I have a group of 27 kids.  Of these 27 students, 20 of them are boys.  This group of kids have been in the same class together for english, spelling, and reading for the past three years.  They know the ins and outs of each other and are more of a family then classmates.  The thing I love most about my students is they're constantly pulling for one another to do well in school and outside of school as well. \n\nIt would be amazing to have three tablets in my classroom.  With three tablets I would be able to have a math rotation using electronics! Students would be able to practice multiplication and division facts, as well as working on ordering fractions.  Along with doing math activities students would be able to work on spelling features for spelling and edit grammar for english. \n\nEveryday usage of technology would have some of my visual and technological learners actively engaged.  My students would benefit not only for this year but years to come.  My goal is to have all of my fifth graders leaving for the middle school capable of multiplying and dividing. 
487:::Our morning show is an extension of our community and helps to bring awareness and excitement for our school news.  "As we go forward, I hope we're going to continue to use technology to make really big differences in how people live and work." -- Sergey Brin. \n\nOur students are extremely creative and have terrific personalities which we display daily with our daily morning show. We capture moments in and around the school to help motivate and encourage our students.  The shows crew that is responsible for the entire production including filming, anchoring, writing, interviewing, lighting, and sound. The show is an outlet for students to show their personalities and their talents outside of the classroom. The students that are involved take pride in the show and there are plenty of others waiting in line to be involved in the program. \n\nYour assistance will allow us to transform the broadcast and update the look.  With the absence of a chromakey system, we are giving the morning show a new look.  We are getting rid of the outdated desk top and opting for directors chairs.  We are adding wireless lavaliere microphones for the broadcast to enhance the sound.  In addition, we are updating the microphone systems for interview around school with new mics and even microphone flags which we will customize.  Providing students with a realistic broadcasting experience helps prepare them for high school & beyond. \n\nThe initial update to the studio was a success but it's now time to move into the next phase.  The morning show is broadcast school wide daily and we wish to continue to build and showcase our students, faculty and staff. 
488:::I teach third grade, but some of my students read on a first grade level while others read on a fifth grade level. I want to create a classroom library where all my students have the opportunity to enjoy reading while learning. \n\nI have a wonderful, diverse group of twenty-one bright and eager students. Each and every student is different and unique in their own way, which makes everyday that much better. All my students work hard each day to improve their reading ability. My hope is they acquire a life long love of reading.  \n\nWe will use these leveled fiction and non-fiction books to enhance our comprehension skills by reading independently and in a small group with me. Students learn more when they are reading on their level because they understand things so much more. \n\nMy goal is for my students to be passionate about learning through reading. These leveled books will be a great way for them to explore the world through reading.  \n\nThese books will give all my students an opportunity to explore new worlds, learn new things, and become better readers. There are over 280 books included in this grant! These books will help my students explore the past, succeed in the present and excel in the future! 
489:::Here at our school we strive to foster leadership skills in each and every student. Every day students and faculty find ways to "honor our greatness." You will find a level of dedication exhibited by students and faculty that cannot be duplicated or matched. \n\nOur school is a very welcoming place with many unique learning opportunities for our students. Our students come from a variety of cultural and socioeconomic back grounds. Our students learn to become invested in guiding their own learning process. \n\nMy students will be able to independently access these materials during their "free choice" center time. It will be a great way for them to learn letters, sounds, phonics and sight words. They will be choosing the fun activity of their choice which will also reinforce and teach reading skills. This project will provide my students with 15 educational DVD choices that will reinforce all of the necessary skills for reading. These DVDs utilize singing and dancing in order to make learning these skills fun and memorable. \n\nBy having these materials available, my students will be exposed to entertaining information that they otherwise would not have access to. The students will also be able to  utilize the technology already available in the classroom for viewing purposes. 
490:::My day starts off by welcoming 13 preschool special needs students. We count numbers, sound out letters, read stories. We then have centers where we practice fine motor skills with manipulative activities. I would like to have my students read frequent sight words by the end of the school year. \n\nMy students range from 3 to 5 years old. The students have autistic like behaviors. Some are active while others need additional help for academic success. My school is a low income title one school.  We do not have the needed materials to meet their needs.  Our materials are outdated and not age appropriate. We have very little to no funding for our classroom. \n\nMy students will share read these books. I will have my students practice with various activities based on the story we read.  The activities will include; art crafts, sequencing, and comprehensive writing. The younger students will retell the story from their own understanding based on my reading. Higher functioning students  will read the story themselves and retell events in sequence order.  \n\nWe currently have any age appropriate books that are appealing to the younger students.  The books in our classroom are  left overs from others school with much higher grade levels.  The donation will help create a fun reading environment in my classroom, allowing the students to engage in age friendly materials. This also will help students become better readers in the long run. 
491:::My students have carried the burden of being struggling readers for many years, but I want to empower them! Motivate them! And MOVE them up the reading ladder. They are making lots of successes in our reading groups but I know they can do more. \n\nThey are excited about reading when they have access to texts that are authentic and on an appropriate grade level. When we meet for our small group reading at the table, I love to see their eyes light up as the scurry to get a "good seat." I wish I could put some of this life and energy into a jar! I have allowed them to share a borrowed tablet on occasion and they were ecstatic! They wanted to read out loud to one another, practice reading strategies on educational apps, and practice typing vocabulary and spelling works on the tablet's notepad. The integration of technology, also created an environment were I could work one-on-one within the small group setting, but could ensure the other students were moving forward with worth-while assignments.  \n\nSpecifically, I would like to include the technology into small group and remediated reading instruction. I would like to create opportunities for my lowest readers to have access to texts that will help them get smarter and read more each day. The tablets would be used on a daily basis, and rotated throughout the small reading groups throughout the day.  \n\nThis gift of technology will totally change how I can reach my neediest readers and writers. It will spark their excitement for learning an allow me the opportunity to provide quality instruction to my scholars. By improving their reading, I am helping to improve their future quality of life. Reading is such a powerful tool, and I know these tablets can help my readers thrive!  
492:::Don't you just love the feeling of being organized and knowing where everything is?  We would sure love to feel that way and with your help it can be done more efficiently! \n\nWe are a Title 1 school located in an area of New York City where there is high poverty.  This year, I am teaching an integrated Co-Teaching (ICT) class of 32 students with and without disabilities.  Some students are far below the grade level and have special needs, where organizational strategies are key to their success. \n\nThe book bags will help students keep their books for reading workshop organized and in one area.  The storage bin will keep graphic organizers and worksheets organized so children will know what and where to find certain sheets.  The pencil sharpener will be helpful for students to keep their pencils nicely sharpened so they can work hard and write hard! \n\nOrganizational skills and strategies are crucial to all and it is something that children need to learn at an early age so that it can be continued throughout their lives.  With your donation and support, you will certainly help each one of my students practice and also enhance the ability to be more organized! Thank you! 
493:::LIGHTS!...CAMERA!...ACTION! My students are ready to make commercials that will help them learn about financial literacy. \n\nMy students are in a 4th, 5th, and 6th grade building. Our school is located in a high poverty, rural community. My students take the role of being the oldest in our school - the role models - very seriously. I would love for them to be able to be a wonderful example to our 4th and 5th grade students on how to be responsible stewards of our finances. \n\nMy students attend a week long Camp Experience every Spring. With a Helmet Cam, helmet strap, and submersible case, they will be able to film many highly engaging activities from in the ropes course to climbing the 50 foot climbing tower. The zip line will have never looked so cool. They will also be able to film their activities while they go hiking, build a campfire and shelter, learn about the animals in their environments, track animals through the snow, search for aquatic invertebrates, and play a game of Predator - Prey.  These films will be used in their COMMERCIALS for each event.  They need to be able to SELL these activities to parents, community members, and other students.  They will need to show how these activities and the learning that takes place are WORTH the MONEY and TIME that this camp takes.  THIS IS LEARNING ABOUT FINANCIAL LITERACY IN A REAL-LIFE SITUATION FACED BY ALL OF OUR SIXTH GRADE STUDENTS. \n\nThe students will work collaboratively on these creative films showing just how much creative thinking goes on while they are at camp. The filming of their commercials will go a long way at educating other students and family members on how sometimes finances are not spent on things, but experiences!\n\nLearning about financial literacy has never been so much fun! 
494:::A typical day in my classroom consists of exploration. At the end of the year I want my students to understand the world is larger than what they see and what is in their immediate perception. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.  \n\nMy students are 7th- and 8th-grade students growing up in East New York, Brooklyn. They are wonderful kids who have tons of enthusiasm, curiosity, and spirit. I would describe my school as in the inner city, but striving to give our students as much outside experience as possible. \n\nWe work hard on trying to teach our students that there is a world beyond what they have experienced; and in order to broaden their horizons they must take on the job of learning what else is out in the world. I try to guide them; however, my limited resources sometimes don't allow me teach them all I want them to learn.  \n\nMy students will use the two laptops I am requesting to research information about our own world and the world beyond their own country. Another major way I plan to use these new laptops is to have my students create relationships with other students across the world. Many of my students aren't considering traveling or attending colleges outside of their general area, and I want them to begin researching their interests, different places, as well as learning about different funding sources for their future.  \n\nMy students will be changed when they learn more about other peoples struggles, challenges others have overcome, and how it has shaped their lives. It will improve my classroom because students will be willing to work harder, try new things, and overall have a more positive outlook on their future perspectives.  
495:::We believe we can make a difference in an elementary student's life. Reading is the foundation of all areas of their life and we want to encourage each student to fall in love with reading. Reading is the key to success for all students and this begins in elementary school. \n\nOur FBLA students (Future Business Leaders of America) have a compassion for helping others. These students donate their time in school and out in the community to make a difference. Family ties are great in our community and many of these students will return to pay back their community after their college years. They desire to be leaders and mentors to other students in their school and in other schools. They love doing community service projects and want to serve others as part of their growing process. \n\nThese students will turn the gym into Dr. Seuss Day, March 3, at a nearby elementary school. The walls will be decorated with sayings from Dr. Seuss and banners about the importance of reading. High school students will walk in with red and white balloons. Some FBLA students will be dressed as Dr. Seuss characters. Tables and seating will be set up around the room with different activities. Students will listen to various Dr. Seuss books and students will have the opportunity to read books to other peers also. FBLA students will assist the younger students with matching games, puzzles, lacing shoes, etc.. A laptop will be set up to read one of the books. Some students don't yet have a computer. All students are special so each one will receive a special sticker to show how special they really are. \n\nMany of the elementary school students do not come from families who read to them. Seeing the enthusiasm and importance of reading by older role models, hopefully, will spark a sincere desire to read more. This memorable day will encourage students to improve their reading skills and make each student, both elementary and high school age, feel special and impact their lives for years to come. 
496:::As a First Grade Teacher I want to pass on my love of reading to my students. I believe that books can take my students anywhere they want to go!  In order to accomplish this I need a leveled library that they can use to help them succeed. \n\nMy students attend a community school in an urban district in Camden New Jersey.  Our school houses students from Pre-K to Eighth  grade.  In First Grade my students are like sponges ready to absorb as much information as they can.  They come in each day excited and ready to learn. \n\nIn my classroom I have a corner of the room dedicated as a classroom library.  It has a rug and beanbags and stuffed animals that the children love to read to.  What we don't have are leveled books for them to pick their "just right " level and grow as readers.  \n\nEvery child deserves to have materials that can help them succeed. I believe that leaving First Grade as not only a strong reader but with a love of reading will help them achieve their dreams. 
497:::Teaching Hispanic Culture in a simple four wall classroom can be challenging, specially when you have students that have never traveled or seen symbols that represent those cultures.   \n\nWe are a big community in North Texas where the appreciation for other cultures is growing.  My students are excited and eager to learn more about different cultures, especially Hispanic and Latin American culture.  They want to read, see, listen and if possible, one day, live experiences that will allow them to explore different Hispanic American cultures.   \n\nDuring the school year, we explore different cultural aspects from different Hispanic countries.  Some of those include Frida Khalo's Art, Mexican crafts, The Mola's made by Kuna Indians in Panama, the Argentina Tango, The Matador from Spain and many other cultural trends and symbols that represent Hispanic culture.  I would like to have my classroom surrounded with props and visuals that can help them have a feel of what those symbols means.  Little by little, my students and I would like to create a fun, colorful, and effective Hispanic environment classroom. \n\nPlease give us a hand in creating this wonderful classroom, where our students will emerge not only in the Spanish Language, but also in the Hispanic Culture and the beautiful things it has to offer everyone in our class.  
498:::My students are writing informational reports.  This requires research.  My students need a printer to print out their research and type their reports.  The printer in the room now is worn down and the paper often gets jammed.  It cannot handle the work load of 30 plus students. \n\nMy school is a title one school (high poverty area).  Many of our students do not have printers at home to do the work they need to keep up with a tough curriculum.  Our students are trying to keep up with the very challenging common core standards that include informative reports.  We need a good printer that can handle printing information found from research and reports for over 30 students. \n\nWith a reliable and capable printer in place, my students will be able to print out their research from the Internet.  With that research they can start their writing process that includes drafting, revising and editing, then finally publishing their work and printing their reports on the printer. \n\nHaving the printer in the classroom will make it easier for the kids to print their reports.  The teacher can also use the printer to make copies to use as exemplars for future classes and lessons. 
499:::Printing 3D objects is new for my students. We have been busy printing objects for math and science and now we need more filament. This is like a printer without ink. \n\nMy students come into school every day eager to learn something new. We are one of five kindergarten classrooms in a Title I school with close to 600 students. I currently have 18 students. The majority of my students are English Language Learners who need additional materials to support learning new vocabulary and skills simultaneously. \n\nMany people have said that our school is a hidden treasure and for that reason it can be difficult to locate. Because we are tucked into a small neighborhood, we do not receive as much community support to fund classroom needs as we need. Many of our teachers purchase items independently or seek funding for materials. \n\nMy students need a variety of filament colors for the 3D printer as we are running out.  The PLA filament is the ink for the 3D printer. Without it, we cannot make what my students need. Math and science require hands-on learning. Without more filament, math will lack geometrical shapes that the students helped to create and with which to build. Additionally, the students will not be able to practice science concepts like sink and float without more filament. \n\nYour donation gives my students additional opportunities to learn from classroom-created resources. Watching their own resources created inside the classroom has been an exciting way to begin their learning. Thank you for considering my project to add filament to my classroom as you decide which project to support. 
500:::Science is AWESOME!" That's what the students say each time I gather them for a new lesson. But the resources to make each lesson a lasting one, just aren't there. Our science time would be greatly improved with activities and literature so that the students will continue to love science. \n\nOur classroom is made up of 21 inquisitive, imaginative, and dedicated first grade students. They love learning and working with anything hands on. They enjoy reading on their own and listening to information that expands their thinking. They are excited by the ideas that we learn in all academic areas, especially science; when else do you get to do such fun experiments! They understand sharing and the importance of making do with what we have to work with. They are becoming critical thinkers, problem solvers and communicators.\n\nMy students are part of a loving K-3 school with 7 classrooms at each grade level (which makes for thinly stretched funds). We have staff and student families that encourage the importance of education and want all students to strive for their very best. \n\nEach unit of science is the "best yet" they say! Well, except the one on matter...\n\nMy students will be using the activities, literature and hands on resources to make the most of our unit on matter and its properties. \n\nStudents will be working in cooperative groups while engaged in the topics of each lesson. They will explore matter with the experiments provided in the activity tubs. They will be able to record and recognize changes in matter through these activities.\n\nAs they learn about matter, the students will be able to gather more information by reading, independently or as a class, the at-grade-level texts about the states of matter and their changes.\n\nMore over, the students are using the resources to further their understanding and to spark continued interest in science. \n\nScience is great, but only when you get to experience it. These resources are vital to making matter come alive. Students need more than a text book and a demonstration to love science. The activities and literature will provide the students with the essential hands on approach to science that keeps their hunger for it alive; not just in first grade, but for years to come. 
501:::We need technology in every classroom and in every student and teacher' hand, because it is the pen and paper of our time, and it is the lens through which we experience much of our world." David Warlick\nThis describes my project perfectly. It is impossible to teach technology with no technology.\n\nI currently teach 17 4-5 year old pre-k students. Most of my students come from low income families but despite their hardships they love coming to school every day and are always eager to learn new things. I try my best to keep their interest with hands-on activities and manipulatives but it would be such a wonderful added feature to bring up-to-date technology to their fingertips. In order to move young minds into the 21st century world of learning we need working materials. Unfortunately the two computers that were in my classroom were deemed obsolete early this school year and put out of commission. My students loved using the computers but sadly, only get to use them once a week for 15 minutes during computer class. Our school would like to provide the students with up to date materials but lack of funds holds them back.  \n\nMy students would use the computer and tablets each day in many different ways. The tablets can be used for learning letters, numbers, shapes, colors, and sounds. They can also be used for a more hands on story time. They would be a great center for children to enhance their technology and academic skills. The computer would also be a great tool to get students ready for computer-based testing in later grades and using computers in their everyday lives. There are so many online resources and applications that would enhance the children's learning. The technology will also allow for more of a home/school connection. Parents may not have the manipulatives we use in the classroom but a majority of the families have a home computer or access to a computer where they can work with their children on sites we use in the classroom.    \n\nMany of my students come from homes where they do not have much. They have very few material possessions and for some, very little love and care at home. When they come to school they are given a place to learn and feel loved and cared for. If they receive these materials they will be able to use technology many of their peers are using and will be given a chance to achieve. My students and I would be greatly appreciative of donors support.  
502:::My students are starting to enjoy reading and I would like to continue to help them enjoy it by getting a series that they would enjoy. \n\nI have a class full of energetic 6th graders in a school that encourages us to engage our students in different ways.  Our motto in the class is " If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you.  If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you."  They are reminded of this daily because it is on our class shirts and on a poster in the room. \n\nWe will do a novel study as a whole group.  We will all be able to read them together and talk about what is happening and why.  The kids will lead the discussions during this novel study.  They will be the ones that get the discussion started and keep it going.  I want them to learn leadership and responsibility. \n\nThe donations will help us get started on reading this exciting series.  I hope that we have enough time to get them interested and then they can continue the rest of the series when they are on summer break.  
503:::I teach the hardest-working students in New York City.  My 74 fifth graders arrive to school at 7:00 or earlier, and many don't leave until 5:30.  They complete 2 or more hours of homework each night, on a quest to improve daily and prepare themselves for high school, college, and the world beyond. \n\nMy students come from one of the highest-poverty areas of the country, with over 90% qualifying for free or reduced-price lunches.  Nonetheless, they prove on a daily basis that your destiny is not determined by your zip code.  They arrive earlier than most public school students and stay later in the afternoon.  They complete hours of homework each day, and fill their classrooms with excitement and joy each day.  \n\nMy classes have recently been turned on to a few computer programs that they have really embraced.  Khan Academy, Xtramath, and ST Math have helped my students make great strides, and have put them in the driver's seat of their learning.  The only problem is, they are only able to use these programs during their designated computer time, not during my math class. \n\nChromebooks will allow me to truly personalize my students' math education.  Those who have demonstrated mastery of the lesson beforehand (through the use of these programs) will be able to spend their independent practice time on topics that will push their understanding, rather than repetitive practice on skills that are already ingrained.  Those who are performing grade level will be able to practice targeted skills that will help them to catch up.  \n\nMy classroom will be accessible before and after school for students to spend extra time on the computers (I'll have to have a waiting list, even with the 5 Chromebooks!), and to get the practice they need to grow and fulfill their potential. \n\nYour donation will both kindle and feed the fire in my students' minds.  It will further open the door of self-direction in their learning, which is the key to creating lifelong learners.  These Chromebooks will allow me to reach all of my students more effectively, to meet their individual needs on a daily basis, and to help them push their learning to new heights. 
504:::The way of teaching mathematics has changed in the past few years. Gone are the days when the teacher would direct the lesson in the front of the classroom. We now have to be ready to present lessons with computers, overhead projectors, and special computer programs that monitor their progress. \n\nMy students attend a public school in Florida. Our school is a Title I school, as the majority of the students are on free or reduced lunch. Over 90% of the student population is ESOL (ELL) who are limited English speakers. Our school is also over 90% Hispanic, however we do have some students from other countries. They all show the same joy of learning and enthusiasm. \n\nThe laptop that I am requesting will be used in a variety of ways. First, it will allow another computer in the classroom for the students to use. We are required to use a new math computer program daily with the students. With only four computers in the classroom it is difficult to have everyone visit the computers every day. An additional computer will help with the rotation of students to visit the program more often. In addition it will help to set up a center where students can be working on a website as a group and solve mathematics challenge questions together.  \n\nThe cover that I am requesting is to protect a tablet the students are presently using in class. The cover will help maintain it in good shape.  The HDMI cable will allow the students connectivity to other media with the tablet. \n\nIt is a known fact that students learn in a variety of ways. Some are auditory learners, while others may be visual or hands-on learners. Most learn best by having a variety of opportunities to learn. The laptop will add visuals and manipulatives to students. It will allow group discussion in the learning center as well. At the moment technology is a high motivator to students and if we can motivate them then learning becomes easy. When we make it fun they don't even know they are learning! 
505:::Close your eyes for just a moment and think about a time in your life where you were forced to change and adapt. Do you remember how you felt? Keep those feelings close inside as you continue to read this. \n \n\nI teach in a very small community in Georgia. My district only has four schools total. I teach at the Primary school which is K-2. Many of my students have limited exposure to cultural experiences. Some have never left our community. Because of this, many students feel nervous and scared about anything new or anything that deals with change. \n \n\nWhen a student is passed to the third grade, he or she is feeling many new emotions. For my students this not only means a new grade, but a whole new life. When my students go to third grade they go to a new building, with new a new administration team, with all new teachers, and brand new friends. This transition can seem very scary and over whelming for a child. That is why I need your help. I want to do a book study with the book "Who Moved My Cheese?" This is a motivational story about four characters who find themselves in a situation that requires change. Some of the characters adapt with the change and are prepared to make the necessary changes. Others are slightly reluctant and, learn some hard lessons about life. This book will allow my students to make the transition from primary school to elementary school more easily. They will be prepared to face the emotions that they are feeling head on without fear. \n \n\nWhen was the last time you were forced to change. Maybe it was a new job, maybe you relocated to a new town, or maybe you have made a relationship with someone new. Now think how a child would deal with those same emotions. Children must be taught that their feelings and emotions are valid. They need to know that what they are thinking is important and they are important. With your help I will help ease any feelings of nervousness and worry and change them to feelings of excitement and joy. \n 
506:::Please sit down and finish your work.  I say this so many times during the day I should record it.  1st graders are not wired to sit and work as Common Core requires them to do.  They need to come together as a community and enjoy some time with their classmates-we'll throw in learning too! \n\nMy class consists of 23 hard-working first graders.  Our school is housed in a million-dollar neighborhood, but we have 40% of our students coming from disadvantaged areas and on free or reduced lunch. Many have transferred in from other towns and about a third of this class is military-so often having just a single parent at home. We have a very short time to pull together as a community without the pressures of "getting it done."  We need some time to wind down, while still learning, in a style that is engaging, making a community with social norms and putting them on stage to learn public speaking. \n\nMy students do their best  to keep up with the rigorous Common Core State Standards, but at times it really is painful for them and painful to watch.  Algebra and multi-digit addition are introduced at this young age and it is very hard to grasp if the students don't have the basics covered.  The Math Calendar will allow my students to come together as a community, sharing, laughing, talking, while learning and reinforcing basic skills of counting, adding, using a calendar, tallying, problem solving and public speaking.  During this time, the students would be sitting closely together, able to gesture and speak freely, adding to conversations and again, learning while not being forced to put paper to pencil.  Learning in a real world sense with a calendar, has so many wonderful math implications that I see it as an essential resource to our class.  Then, while they are learning, they are sharing and commenting and using their brains to solve and delve into math. \n\nAllowing for a math calendar to be in our room would encourage a more thoughtful community time.  It gives them basic, yet important or ground floor skills, to help build their math repertoire.  Along with forming strong math bonds, the class is engaging each other and forming strong personal bonds, which, in the end is essential to being a well educated and successful adult.  Thank you for considering to help my class grow! 
507:::Teaching in the Internet age means that we must teach tomorrows skills today."   -Nancy Kassebaum \n\nAn additional iPad would allow me to provide every student in my small group the opportunity to use and integrate technology. \n\nI have 25 students in my kindergarten class.   They are creative, eager, and excited about learning.  We have built a well rounded  classroom environment.   They are very respectful and caring of each other.   Our school is growing and changing every year and integrating new technology.   Our school supports our growing and changing classroom community. \n\nThe children will use these iPads during stations and small group time.   They will be exploring apps in math, reading, art, and themes.   They will be learning and reinforcing our kindergarten standards.   I will also use this learning tool during our RtI time and whole group instruction.    \n\nDonations to this project will be very exciting to the students.   It will allow integration and reinforcement of skills.   It is also great a great tool to diversify instruction.  iPads will increase student learning and excitement! 
508:::Through scientific inquiry, my students can change their community! In our urban school my students see lots of trash, and few uses for it.  If my students can see how trash can be reused to create great things they can create a better urban environment!  \n\nOur mid sized elementary school located in an urban district of Southern California. We are a Title I school, which means that the majority of the students receive free or reduced lunches. Most students live very close to the school.\nEvery child is unique, and my students are not exceptions. Some students enter my class fully prepared for the rigor of school, while other students come in needing help to catch up. All my students benefit from repeated and frequent exposure to engaging material.\nScientific inquiry is an ongoing process that my students love applying to all subjects. Why does it take so long to go to the lunch area? Lets investigate it! Why does English have some many spelling rules? Lets investigate it! Why do so many of our parents have diabetes? Lets investigate it! In all questions, they have learned how to research to get answers that they can rely on. They are busy learning how to distinguish fact from opinion and love sharing all they learn with their families.\n\n\n \n\nStudents will work in small groups to design the perfect 'trash' formula for their own blend of compost. This will require my students to do some research on compost, the carbon cycle, and some light organic chemistry. The requested books are for this research.\n\nAfter creating a plan, students will select their raw materials from a class supply. The raw materials will be common trash, such as fruit peels. Students will see their trash mashed into compost by the blender. A blender is an efficient way to create small amounts of compost when there is no space for a compost pile.\n\nPlants will be put into pots with the made compost, and will be placed within the plant light box. The light box can accommodate all my students plants and creates similar conditions for all the plants.\n\nStudents will compete for the best performing plants and keep data daily to measure germination rate and growth. At the end students will have an understanding of how to start composting in their communities.  \n\nEnvironment science should help all of us make better decisions about how to improve the places we live. In a city, the urban garden can change the way that we view trash, our community, and the environment. I am confident that through these resources my students will be empowered. Thank you for being a part of that transform. 
509:::Thomas Jefferson once said, "I cannot live without books."\n\nBooks are so important for teaching us new information that we haven't been exposed to before. I hope that my students walk into my classroom everyday and feel as if they are reading a new book for the first time. \n\nMy students are very active learners and really enjoy learning new information through a variety of strategies. They enjoy being challenged and learn so much when they are interested and engaged. \nMy school is a wonderful place to be a teacher and a student. It is such a positive learning environment and it provides students with the support needed to be optimal learners. We were just named a 2013 Title I  Highest Performance Reward School!  This was a huge honor that really portrays how hard everyone works to achieve excellence. \n\nBeing able to have a class set of the book, Rush Revere and the First Patriots and the audio CD, opens up a new level of learning within my classroom. Taking a usually boring subject such as history and making it come to life will greatly impact the learning of my students. \nHaving these books along with the audio version will enable me to differentiate instruction through a variety activities. Even though we will all be reading the same text, I will be able to develop instructional comprehension lessons to meet the needs of my different learners. Students will also be able to use these books to complete literature circles to meet their reading and social studies common core standards. \n\nHaving this project funded would be truly beneficial to the learning of my students. My students often think of history as a boring subject without much interest. The Rush Revere and the First Patriots books and audio CD would bring the history that they must understand to life. This book series will help motivate my students to realize that history can be exciting and fun. In all, I know that these books will help them to learn the importance behind our great nation's history. 
510:::We have come to understand that exercising the body is as important as exercising the mind in becoming a well-rounded person. \n\nOur school is in an urban area with a high level of poverty. The students come from many different backgrounds with many different challenges. Regardless of the challenges the students face they are always eager to learn and positive about their school experience. I am inspired by them each and every day. \n\nThe students at our school will use the recess balls, basketballs, jump ropes, and skip ropes to enhance their recess time. Due to budget cuts not every grade in our school gets gym class. The only time they get to play in a structured form with their friends is during our daily class recess time. Unfortunately, they do not always have the materials to get active and make the most of their time to run, jump, and use their energy. It would be wonderful to have equipment to allow the students to play games as well as get exercise and get healthy. \n\nIn today's society many children spend more time with their video games and television than they do outside playing. We want our students to be healthy, happy, well-rounded people. Our goal is to supply them with the materials to get interested in playing outside and getting active. 
511:::In our school, 93% of the students are free and reduced price lunch students. 60% of the students are English language learners. Some of the students can not speak English. \n\nThe students are eager to learn. The are a lot of Special Education students. Some of the students have behavioral challenges. The school is a Title 1 school which means that it has a high population of low income students. The students come from all different backgrounds. They are very much multicultural. A lot of the student come from single family homes or live with their grandparents. \n\nThe students will use the pencils, dry erase markers, highlighters and red pens to do their daily assignments. It is really unfortunate that the families are not able to provide the basic necessities of school for their children. The students will write essays and do their Math problems with the pencils. They will use the highlighters to take notes for their readings and check their answers with the red pens.  \n\nYour donation to this project will improve the students' learning and help them become productive members of society. The school supplies will change the students' lives for the better by helping them to do their daily assignments and check for accuracy. Please help the students to become successful in school and in their lives.  
512:::The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go." Dr. Seuss originally coined this saying, but for my fourth grade book club, this is my mantra. By exposing students to captivating books, I hope to increase their achievement in all areas. \n\nOur school is a Title 1 campus in a predominantly urban district. We are fortunate to largely have the support of our community. Our school is consistently recognized for outstanding academic achievement, but we will not settle for "good enough." Our teachers and staff are always striving do everything we can for our students because we believe in doing what's best for children.\n\nI have a book club that consists of fifteen fourth grade students from different classes. The thing that all of my kids have in common? They all love to read. At the beginning of the year, I offered the opportunity for fourth graders to apply to be in a book club. I ended up with over twenty applicants, and the club now has a waiting list. We meet a few times a month during the students' lunch time to discuss the book we're reading. The kids are always eager to come to book club, and I have to admit - it's one of the highlights of my week, too! \n\n"Flora and Ulysses" by Kate DiCamillo is the most recent Newberry Award winner, and it is a Bluebonnet Award nominee for the 2014-2015 school year. My students will be thrilled to have the opportunity to delve into the pages of this critically-acclaimed novel. Also, it is about a self-proclaimed child cynic and her squirrel friend that has superpowers. What ten year old wouldn't love to read about that?\n\n"Counting by 7s" by Holly Goldberg Sloan is another new title, and it is also a 2014-2015 Bluebonnet Award nominee. This novel (an Amazon Best Book of the Year) centers on a more serious topic. It is about a twelve year old girl that, among other things, is struggling to cope with the death of her parents. I am eager to see how my students process this story.\n\nEach year, third through sixth grade students that read at least five Bluebonnet books get to vote for the Texas Bluebonnet Award. After reading these two new critically-acclaimed novels in our book club, my students will already be able to mark two off of their list! \n\nAs we say at our school, "readers are leaders!" By choosing to support my project, you be helping to strengthen my students' love of reading, and will be facilitating the development of skills that will help them throughout their lives. Not only will my book club students' reading skills will be sharpened by these new challenging texts, but their work habits and communication skills will be exercised as well. Thank you for considering giving your support to my project! 
513:::My students know that each day they will have an opportunity to learn, play, talk and laugh. It is in these moments that the students are enjoying school, feeling welcomed, and growing intellectually and socially. \n\nWe are a 3rd grade class in a public school located in Utah. This class is full of energy, excitement and they have a spunk for learning! We enjoy using many resources and technology to increase our understanding of our curriculum and the world around us. Our classroom is full of a variety of learners; whether they be kinesthetic, visual, or auditory. With this project, our visual and kinesthetic learners will be directly affected as they word with their individual learning clocks. \n\nMy students need eight geared learning clocks to help them practice the core standard of telling time. When received, my students, as well as many classes to come, will be able to have their own geared clock to help them tell time. These clocks are beneficial because the hour hand moves as the minute hand moves. This concept is hard for students to understand, yet is strongly emphasized in 3rd grade.  \n\nIf you choose to donate to our classroom, our class will greatly benefit. My students have asked for these types of clocks on many occasions and will be so excited to get a clock similar to the teacher's. :) Thank you for your consideration! 
514:::My class has been talking about Challenges and how we can overcome them. They tell me such wonderful stories about challenges they have overcome in their lives. Their challenge is to read at a 3rd grade reading level in the next four months of school. I always hear them say, "Never Give Up!" \n\nMy class has 29 Bilingual students. This means that they can read, write, speak and listen in two languages. This makes them special and gives them the extra challenge of learning academic concepts in their second language. My school is in a high-poverty area outside of Chicago. My students work so diligently to grow as learners of English. They all enjoy helping each other in Reading. \nMy school has a fantastic cultural atmosphere. All of the students participate in a positive behavior reward system. Everyone is friendly and the students love the school. It is a wonderful place to teach and learn.     \n\nMy students will use these materials to help them grow as readers. They will be using the Leveled Readers in our Daily 5 Centers: Read to Self and Read to Someone. These materials will give students a chance to choose appropriate books at their specific reading levels. I will also use them as part of our thematic units and guided reading groups.  \n\nThis project will make a difference in the lives of my students and future students. It will provide my students with much needed books at their reading levels. It will give them confidence when they read books at their independent level and challenge them when they read books at their instructional level. \n\nMost importantly, these materials will help prepare my students to be successful learners for life.  
515:::Many of my students come from homes where English is not the primary language. It's often difficult for their parents to help them with homework. Flashcards make it easier to help because the answers are on the back. The flashcards provide a way for parent to get involved with learning.  \n\nMy students are first graders from a variety of backgrounds. Many of the students are learning English as a second language. Many of them struggle to learn their basic math facts, which build the foundation for higher level math skills. These students are very hard working and dedicated, they just need a little extra support.  \n\nThe students will use the flashcards as homework to practice adding and subtracting and build their speed and fluency with math facts. They will be able to practice with their parents because the answers are on the backs of the cards. The students will build their speed with adding and subtracting so they can move on to higher level math.  \n\nThe students will gain confidence as they get better at adding and subtracting. They will also be able to involve their parents and families in their learning. The students will enjoy using flashcards to learn and they will be more successful in the future.  
516:::A typical day in our Robotics teams includes groups of four to six students working collaboratively building robots and attachments, programming the Robot using LEGO software to complete assigned missions, and practicing running their robots to check for continuity. \n\nOur school is expanding to include Pre-K-8th grade students from a diverse community. We are a STEM focus school. We have students from low and high income families, and from a variety of different backgrounds including ESL students and students with special needs. Third through 8th grade students will be eligible to join one of our Robotics Teams. \n\nMy students need a Lego Mindstorms EV3 Robot to learn STEM skills like building, programming, and strategic planning to complete missions. Our students will be able to use the EV3 Mindstorms Robot to create a variety of different robots. They will use computer software to program these robots to move, use sensors, and even complete missions. They will learn the basics of computer programming, engineering, and working collaboratively. \n\nAll the students need is a hands-on experience to teach them that science and engineering can be exciting! They will learn that programming can be fun and easy. They will learn teamwork and cooperation as they compete in regional and state Robotics competitions. We hope to develop a life-long interest in building and program that can translate to successful careers. 
517:::A typical day in my classroom begins with a greeting.  We have carpet time where we have a morning meeting, then proceed with whole group phonics and phonemic awareness.   Small groups for stations and reinforcement practice.   Students are engaged.  Partner reading and reading time . \n\nAt this point in the year, my students are smiling when they come to the classroom, knowing that we're going to have fun learning.  They like to be hugged and appreciated for their hard work.  My school promotes positive school culture, teaching our students respect, responsibility and safety.  Many of our students come from very poor and difficult home environments where there are few books, and not a lot of motivation for reading.   We make sure that when they arrive,  we provide them with a safe and caring place to be, a place they want to be. \n\nThe materials will be used and appreciated.  My students don't have these materials at home and often don't respect what they are given at the beginning of the year.  They don't know how to use them properly.  We will be using the markers to include pictures with their writing, Chart paper and dry erase markers are use to provide visual stimulation for differentiated learners. \n\nThese donations will improve the classroom environment, by providing a comforting and inviting space for learning and growing.  My students lives are changed for the better just by being able to have materials that are new and not worn out from overuse.  They will know that there are people who care and want the best for them, and want them to be successful. 
518:::My students are working hard to gain the basic skills needed to be successful in 7th grade and beyond.  Our school and community have a lack of resources to assist students in this journey. \n\nMy students come in with very different sets of skills and prior knowledge.  With some class sizes in excess of 30 students, I do not have the resources to provide differentiated instruction and remediation of basic skills to all the students that need them. \n\nThis set of tablets will be used by students to remediate basic skills, view recorded lessons while also having access to online resources in their native language, and to pursue enrichment activities for those students that are working above the level of the class. \n\nThese students are at a critical juncture in their educational paths.  They will either complete middle school with the skills and confidence needed to move on to high school and beyond, or they will remain in middle school until they are old enough to drop out of school, a common fate for many students in our community.  Access to resources to help them become literate in science and technology will go a long way to helping them find a path of success. 
519:::I'm just someone who likes cooking and for whom sharing food is an expression". ~Maya Angelou~ Every day I strive to apply what I am teaching to the real world in order to make learning meaningful and memorable.  Cooking with my students will help me achieve this goal.   \n\nMy students attend a charter school in an urban community with a high poverty rate and high unemployment. They come to school every day eager to learn and pushing themselves to be better citizens. These kids have a lot going on at home, often times forcing them to be more mature and responsible than they should be at their age. We provide a school that allows them to forget their troubles and be kids. I am proud to work with all of these students! They make me a better person.\n\nOur school has a no excuses mentality for staff and for students.  There is no "I can't".  Only, how can we help each other do what needs to be done?  I work with fantastic people and the students benefit every day from having our staff in their lives.    \n\nThis is the fun part, I get to tell you how we will use these amazing resources!  I am a baker and have often wondered how I could share my love of baking with my classes in a hands-on manner.  Up until this year, we didn't have a kitchen to use and home economics is all, but extinct in most schools, but it is so very important!  Cooking helps students apply math, science, language arts, and social studies in one package!  My students will read recipes, measure and mix ingredients, watch how heat can change these materials, and of course, eat what they make! Can you imagine being able to tie in cooking to a reading or social studies unit and be able to have everyone help?  Can you imagine students learning how to make natural dye for eggs around Easter time?  Can you imagine teaching kids that cake mix doesn't always have to come from a box?  I can!         \n\nIn this day and age, many kids live in single-family homes and have parents that work two or more jobs just to make ends meet.  In homes like this, something as simple as teaching a child to cook a family recipe or sharing a meal is a difficult with the time constraints.  Often times, students in my class are the ones who are going home to prepare a meal for their siblings.  If I can teach them how to follow a recipe or prepare a healthier meal then I have helped make their lives better.  
520:::We have large, old computers that are slow and not app worthy! If they can use an iPad mini, these students will be able to connect technologically with other students with their studies using apps! \n\nEach day the doors open to a free breakfast for ALL students. Of the 500 students we serve, 97% of them qualify for free and reduced lunch. Many of the students face a variety of challenges, yet they come to school every day ready and eager to learn. Their enthusiasm, humor, and incredibly unique personalities have kept me at my current school for the last 4 years. \n\nI am dedicated to providing them with the best learning experiences I can in the time I have with them. I have an active group of ten special needs students. With an iPad mini my students will be able to connect with the real world and learn through the use of technology. The students will be able to use the various apps to teach them in a fun and interactive way! \n\nWe would like an iPad mini and a protective case to be used by the ten special education students in our resource classroom. Being able to use the iPad will help these students be able to better keep up with their peers by enabling them to type rather than write. They will also be able to gain reading independence by having access to audio books. The iPad will give them hands-on opportunities to experience real world technology. 
521:::The important thing is not to stop questioning." Technology, like the ipad, provides my students with endless opportunities to ask and answer questions about all that sparks their interest.  These investigations can be rough on an ipad handled by many students, so they need protection. \n\nI teach at an urban charter school, filled with curious little minds who crave opportunities to explore, discover and create.  Our teachers and our curriculum nourish that desire through inquiry-based studies.  Our kindergarteners, just like our fifth graders, are empowered to ask and answer questions about the world around them.  We also pride ourselves on providing a space where students are truly cared for, by supporting their growth socially, emotionally, as well as academically. \n\nMy school currently owns 15 ipads, which are shared between all the students in K-5.  Keeping our ipads preserved with cases and screen protectors will help ensure that they stay in working condition, since so many students handle them.  These supplies will also allow students to use them with more comfort and freedom.  They can get cozy in a bean bag with a buddy, as they research whale songs, or go out on the terrace and photograph the trees.  Maybe the ipads could even accompany students on trips! \n\nHaving access to technology is essential to our students' future success.   They can conduct research, create presentations, connect with students and resources around the world, reinforce what they learn, share ideas and so much more.  Since resources can be limited, we need to keep our ipads accessible for as long as we can, so they can impact as many students as possible. 
522:::As my first grade students are learning to read they are looking for exciting topics that draw them in and keep them reading.  For many students this is non-fiction texts about volcanoes, animals, science and much more! \n\nMy students are amazing, hard working kids, who I get the pleasure of spending my days with. I get to learn so much from them about their culture and language, as I have more than 10 languages represented within this single classroom! It is an amazing environment to work and teach in as we all get to learn lots about culture, language, and diversity as well as the normal academics!  \n\nIn our school we use Teacher's College Readers' Workshop Curriculum, which means that for 60 minute a day students are reading books at their "just-right" developmental level. I am asking for books about many different non-fiction topics, such as science, animals, geography, volcanoes, bugs and much more.  These books span many different developmental levels and will be used by a range of students throughout the whole year. The reason that I am requesting these specific texts is that students of this age are really drawn towards high-interest non-fiction books and as a 1st grade teacher I am looking for books that will have my readers asking for MORE reading time.\n\nOur school also adheres to the Common Core Standards which focus a lot on reading non-fiction texts at all age levels to prepare for college style reading. With these books my students will not only practice basic reading skills, but also college reading skills such as summarizing, finding the main idea and reading diagrams. \n\nLearning to read is a long process for all students, especially for English Language Learners, and it is important that we help them along this process in any way we can. Having high-interest, non-fiction texts in the library is one small way that we can support these students on their path towards literacy.  
523:::Reading, writing, arithmetic. All of these things were once done on a stone tablet. Technology has advanced a little bit, and thanks to Steve Jobs, we have a new kind of tablet, the iPad! \n\nMy students are amazing 6th graders (with a few 5th and 8th graders sprinkled in!). I service students with special needs in the regular and special education settings. As schools continue to find new ways to include kids with special needs, we are finding that technology can be a great tool for success! I am very lucky to work in a school where administrators, teachers, students and parents embrace inclusive education for ALL students. Therefore, I get to work with over 45 students a day, some with special needs, and some who do not have special needs. Right now, we have 2 computers in the room, but endless hands on projects. These projects usually have a technology component, and it would be great to have an iPad for students to check out for their projects! My kids are eager to learn using technology, and I'd love to be able to provide an iPad for use in the classroom. \n\nI am requesting an iPad mini. I have requested a 32 GB model so that we have enough storage for high quality apps, as well as finished documents such as papers and spreadsheets. I have also requested a strong case that we can protect the iPad from falls. Finally, I have asked for a package of styluses, which are used like pens on the screen of the iPad. We will use the iPad and its accessories for multiple classes and tasks. Some of the big projects that I'd like to use the iPad for are: blogging, writing papers and poems, math fact mastery, handwriting practice, playing music during quiet work time, having a visual timer, and emailing other students around the country (pen pals). \n\nRight now, my students are craving more time using technology. I am hoping that through your generous donations, we can put an iPad in these students' hands. I am SO lucky to have great kids to work with, so please consider helping them out in this venture!  
524:::Go get a book to read!" How many times a day do I say this? It would be much easier for my kids to find a good book if we had a new bookshelf and book bins.  \n\nMy students are the best! They are bright, inquisitive, hilarious, smart, and LOVE to read!! Our school is in a semi-urban area just outside of our downtown. My students come from a wide variety of backgrounds and bring with them a wide variety of experiences. Some have been in school before, but many have not. I love exposing them to many types of books and watching their love of reading blossom.  \n\nWe will use this bookshelf and book bins to organize and store books in our classroom. The bins will be labeled so students can easily find books that are on their level or interest. Right now all the books are on a shelf that only I can access. I can't wait to move them to a more accessible location and allow my students to get their own books! I know it will make them love reading even more than they already do! \n\nYour donations will help our class tremendously! It will help organize our classroom library and makes books more accessible to my students. I can't wait to see their faces when I tell them that they get to choose their own books. I know they will be so excited to have these resources in our classroom!  
525:::My students attend my health education class each day for one hour for 2weeks.  I cover many topics in Health but one such topic that has been in the forefront is bullying.  I would like my students to understand what empathy is and how destructive bullying can be. \n\nMy students are in grades 5-8.  We are in an underperforming school in a city that has a large immigrant population.  Most of my students read below grade level and are not exposed to books at home.  We also have a large ELL population .  Most if my students qualify for free breakfast and lunch.  Despite all of there needs they are very generous and enjoy helping others.  School is the only structured activity in most of their lives.  They are surrounded by a city that has one of the highest teen pregnancy rates and where there is a lot of drugs and crime. \n\nWe will use the book "Wonder" to address bullying and to develop empathy skills.  We don't tolerate bullying in our school but often times my students are not sure what they can do.  I want them to feel empowered to speak up when they see someone being bullied and to encourage their peers to speak up. \n\nRaising awareness to bullying and empathy skills only creates a healthy environment that promotes learning.  If a child feels scared to come to school he or she won't perform well or worse won't come to school at all.  School should be a safe environment for all of our children . 
526:::My struggling students need the extra dose of feedback, engaging learning, and pride that a thoughtful use of technology can provide. \n\nMy students have grown up fast. Some have experienced foster care, while others have known homelessness. Yet, day after day, they remind me that they're children. Children with a desire to play, laugh, and grow. Children learning what kind of friend and student they want to be. They're shaping their path on a daily basis. Yes, even in first grade.\n\nOur classroom is filled with 28 first grade students coming from a variety of homes. Ninety-seven percent of the class qualifies for a free or reduced price lunch. Over half of the class speaks a second language. \n\nEach year I have a group of students who begin insecure of their knowledge and abilities. I implement strategies, change my instruction, and meet frequently with them. However, I've found that increasing their independence is essential to their success. With well-made, targeted technology these students begin to experience independent success and they love it. \n\nMy students need programs for our LeapFrog and computer that allow them to confidently practice early literacy and math skills. These programs will be used outside of normal class hours and during work station time to give these students extra doses of early skills. \n\nThis project will provide the motivation these students need to stay after school or arrive before the bell rings. Time disappears when you're passing levels on a game and being affirmed of the ways you're growing. I've seen the impact technology can have on insecure learners and this project will be able to multiply that effect. 
527:::My students have spent the last four years having people do everything with them. I need to start giving them opportunities to work by themselves. The independence will help with their self esteem. The Dot Pens will help them on their journey to become independent learners. \n\nMy students are 9 of the most wonderful people I have ever met. They do not let their their special needs hold them back. They are eager to learn and play. They come to school with more baggage than most adults I know. Some are lonely,hungry, scared, anxious and neglected.  Although I often feel defeated because I cannot change what they go home to; it helps knowing that I have done all I can do during the school day. By ensuring they have all the advantages other students have, I can create an even playing field for them. If suffering from poverty is not enough, having special needs intensifies their struggle. Please help me make sure they are not left behind. By filling our classroom with enriching material you can make a difference. \n\nWe will use the Dot Pens as a (supervised) independent enrichment center. Because my student are in a self contained classroom, we are not eligible for the reading and math help provided by the building. By creating centers that my students can do independently, it builds their self esteem and allows me time to work one -on- one with the students who need it. It is a win-win situation. These Dot centers will provided much needed math and ELA enrichment. \n\nYour donation to our classroom will help enrich the learning environment for 9 wonderful special education students. It will also grow with them over the next three years. It will afford them the independence they need and allow me time to work on-on-one with students who need it.  \nMany of these students come from homes where their caregivers either do not know how to help them or just choose not to. We are all they have. Please help me to even the playing field for them! 
528:::Sitting still in class can be difficult for any 6 or 7 year old, but it's even harder for children with ADHD and Autism. We have recently received a few Hokki Stools which have helped my students sit in their seats longer, without disruption. We LOVE them and need three more! \n\nI have a diverse group of learners that definitely keep me on my toes! I have several students with special needs including ADHD and Autism who are teaching me, as much as I plan on teaching them this year! My class comes from a great variety of backgrounds but they are all eager to learn. We work together, united as a team, every day. They all want to sit in the Hokki stools, but we only have a few.  So, I make using the stool a reward. Each stool that can I add to my classroom will greatly benefit the entire class. \n\nThese new types of chairs have been shown to improve focus in all students, but are especially beneficial for students with ADHD and Autism Spectrum Disorder. They improve focus by letting students continuously move ever so slightly while remaining seated. The increased movement keeps both sides of their brains engaged and helps keep them focused. It also helps fulfill the need to fidget. These chairs have other bonus health benefits as well, such as improved posture and helping burn more calories. \n\nI believe every student in my class would benefit immensely by giving them the option of using these chairs, whether they have special needs or not. The whole class also benefits from fewer disruptions in their learning day. 
529:::STAY FIT! We need recess supplies! Keeping kids active and engaged during recess can be a challenge with limited supplies. We need kickballs, basketballs and an air pump to keep kids active and engaged during recess! \n\nI work in the South Bronx teaching sixth grade science. As I watch our kids at recess, they really need structured activities to keep them active. So many middle schoolers choose to sit around and chat, after they have just spent the first part of lunch eating and chatting with their friends. They need engaging tools to keep moving during their recess time. \n\nActive play during recess is vital to kids staying fit. This variety of balls and a pump to keep them full of air is going to do just that. Its particularly important with our middle schoolers who choose to take outdoor recess time to sit around and talk. These materials will enable them to spend the limited recess time they get to stay active.  \n\nWe love our DonorsChoose donors and its amazing followers. We love and appreciate that you care about our classroom and are willing to donate to strangers. Thank you so much and HAPPY HOLIDAYS! 
530:::As the 2011-2012 school year began, my class was relocated to a newly renovated space. However, my old furniture (desks and 28 year old chairs) were moved to this new space. Initially, we thought we would get new furniture but there were no funds. \n\nMy school is a public high school in South Carolina. Over 1,500 students attend my school. Approximately 65% of the over 1,500 students are paying reduced lunch prices. 62% are African American and 31% are Caucasian. The student to teacher ratio is approximately 16:1. My school has a successful AP program with approximately 25% of students enrolled in an AP class with approximately a 77% success rate in passing the AP exam. My class is an academically mixed class comprised of students taking an AP class and students who will not be receiving a high school diploma. \n\nThe chairs in my class room were purchased around 1986. They are very uncomfortable and unhealthy because they do not provide the support required for sitting at a computer. Additionally, they are not adjustable to accommodate the different sizes of students. The new chairs will replace the outdated chairs to create a more healthy environment for the students. \n\nThe new chairs will replace the outdated chairs to create a more healthy environment for the students. This will enhance the learning opportunity in the classroom. Many student have parents who attended this school who used these same chairs. 
531:::A day in my Computer Literacy class is packed with students getting the opportunity to explore what all they can do with a computer. Being a middle school classroom, the students love having their lessons based around technology.  The biggest issue that my students face is not having materials. \n\nMy students are a great bunch of kids! They are your typical middle school students.  They are full of energy and always looking to have fun.  Like most middle school aged students, they are trying to find their way. The school that I teach at is an urban school made up of roughly 650 students, of which I see roughly 240 per year.  \n\nMy class, Computer Literacy, is an elective class at my school.  Since the class is an elective it is a semester long.  During the course of the semester I teach the students keyboarding, web page design, 3D modeling, animation, and app creation. By receiving the Wacom Intuos touch tablet, students will be able to create real animations.  Right now, the students have draw their animations with the mouse. By adding the Wacom Intuos touch tablet to my classroom students will be able to use their artistic skills to create better drawings / animations.  They will learn how to import drawings and files into the computer and then bring their ideas to life!  Also, if we were to receive the Wacom Intuos touch tablets I could begin adding graphic designs to their websites that they create. \n\nI literally could not have a better job! Seeing my students really get excited about their projects & what they are doing in class is INCREDIBLE! Unfortunately due to budget cuts in the district, we are unable to add things to create even more excitement.  I have a lot of students who are great artist, but they are not able to show their artistic ability when drawing their animations with a mouse, versus pen/paper.  I believe that with these tablets students can combine their love of art & tech. 
532:::Reading "the real stuff" is a top priority.  Students have been reading mainly fiction texts for all of their reading careers up until this point.  Now students must transition into reading largely nonfiction texts.  In addition to reading nonfiction, they must also know how to report on nonfiction. \n\nLearning to read is no easy task for most of my students.  Add to that nonfiction texts that are more difficult than fiction texts and you have an impossibility for some of my kids.  School is the only place most of them experience reading.  My students come from families who are working two or more jobs to keep food on the table.  Reading does not take a high priority at home.  My students need to learn to read and understand nonfiction texts.  This is what most of their reading lives will consist of from now on.  Without learning how to navigate nonfiction texts, my students will not be prepared for life. \nIn addition to reading nonfiction texts, my students must learn to respond to nonfiction text.  Part of the response should be in the form of writing.  Teaching my students to research and respond to what they are reading is crucial to their future.  Almost all of my students are without experience in research and response to text.  This is however a necessary skill for the future. \n\nThe high-interest reading text sets are a treasure of nonfiction writing for my students to explore.  Small groups of students will work together to investigate one of the six captivating topics.  Each topic has a brochure, internet page, newspaper, and magazine article.  Each student within the small group will be in charge of exploring one of the nonfiction texts.  Together the group will discuss what they learned and determine what information to use in a report.\n\nThe Organize and Writing Research Reports material will help the groups take the information they have learned from the high-interest nonfiction texts and turn them into a written report.  Students will get to practice reading nonfiction texts and turning them into written reports.  Upon completion of their group reading assignment, students will use what they have practiced to write a report on their topic. This process of learning can be repeated multiple times due to the variety of topics provided in these supplies. \n\nMy students will benefit from this project by gaining experience in using non-fiction texts. They will have themes with a variety of non-fiction text types along with a guide for writing a report based on that same text.  This will be a huge gain for my 3rd graders.  It will put them on a very strong, solid path to the higher level work expected of them in higher grades.  My students will have experience that will put them ahead of the game.  Thank you for your support. 
533:::My kids are technology oriented and problem solvers. They access websites, apps, solve technical issues for me and love programming sites. What they don't like is someone feeding them information when they are more than capable of finding out on their own.  \n\nWe are a class of 28 students with various learning levels. Some come from poverty. Others struggle with focusing on tasks. Technology is highly motivating to all my students. They are very intuitive with apps, websites, and solving technical issues. In addition they love science and engineering. \n\nMy students will use these iPads to not only do research on space science, but to connect with experts at NASA. They will conduct experiments, create graphs, and make podcasts that will be accessible online for other children around the world to use. This will have a huge impact on not only my classroom, but many others. \n\nThis project will enable my children to be cognizant of how aerospace technology affects our life on Earth. They will in turn learn how they can be the future problem solvers by conducting experiments, learning to work as a team, and posting their learning for others to see. I can visualize many future engineers in my room! 
534:::My classroom is an ICT classroom and I am the Special Education Teacher. The students are a wonderful group and are eager to work and do fun projects. By having ink for our class printer, we can continue to print out great projects for them to complete, not to mention the IEPs! \n\nMy students are a fun group! The school is in a very low-income area so the students are not exposed to much. The such is really suffering, financially speaking, but has such great potential to succeed. We are a brand new PS going into a phasing out school.  \n\nBy having three packs of ink for our printer the students will be able to print out their work from my laptop, as well as copy their projects on the scanner. The students will be able to do countless activities when we have more ink. The students love to do their projects in color!  \n\nThis project will make a huge difference to our classroom. The ink will be used on a daily basis to print out the wonderful work and activities for students. Please help us have a great rest of the year!  
535:::My students love playing!  In my classroom, play is a very important part of learning social skills, motor skills, and academics. \n\nI teach a severe/profound special education class.  The students in my class are all non-verbal.  Many have limited motor skills.  They are happy, and they love playing with the general education classes.  \n\nThey attend a high poverty Title 1 School where a majority of the students receive free or reduced lunch.  100% of my class receives free lunch.  There is also a large non-English speaking population at our school.  Some of my students come from non-English speaking homes. \n\nMost of my students have developmental as well as physical delays.  We highly encourage movement and being active as much as possible.  With the resources requested in this project, my students will have access to tether balls and softballs to encourage kicking, hitting, and catching a ball.  The Doggy Detective game will encourage listening skills as well as movement. \n\nThrough your generous donation, my students will have access to tether balls, scooters, and games to encourage movement and for them to get active!  My students will love the activities that these resources will provide for them to use in the classroom!  Thank you for providing the resources to purchase these items and believing that getting active is important! 
536:::The acquisition of skills is not an end in itself. They are things to be put to use, and that use is their contribution to a common and shared life."  Kagan Cooperative Learning will create this in our classroom! \n\nMy class is made up of 28 boys and girls of mixed races in Arkansas. They attend a Title I school, which means there is a high enough percentage of free and reduced lunch to qualify. Our school is an "open classroom" concept, which is very unique as there are no walls separating the classrooms. These nine and ten year old students are very eager learners; They are like sponges, absorbing all the information and experiences and keep on wanting more. \n\n"When working cooperatively, students of all grades and content areas achieve more academically, acquire social skills, improve social relations including cross-race relations, feel better about themselves, and like school more. What could possibly be better for our students than giving them the tools to succeed in school and in our increasingly pluralistic society? What could possibly be better for our society at large than equipping our citizenry with the skills to not only tolerate diversity, but to appreciate it! Through cooperative learning, we provide a positive model in our classrooms of what our society ideally can be."  -Dr. Kagan. \nWith the use of the resources books such as Cooperative Mathematics, Cooperative Learning in Literature, and Cooperative Learning in Writing, my students will be contributing to their human capital.  Students will be using structures in these resource books every ten minutes throughout the school day including "rally coach" and "quiz quiz trade."  \n\nYour amazing, gracious donations will better equip my students to become the best they can be.  Every ten minutes students will be involved in a structure from one of the resources where they are actively engaged discussing content.  They will excel in all areas of academics including economics which is so crucial to start while they are young.  Through Kagan cooperative learning, my boys and girls will be actively engaged.  Help me better my students human capital through these resources. 
537:::Each day, the children come into the classroom and write their names in their portfolios. Then, they eat breakfast, brush their teeth and have the morning meeting. Once we have finished our morning meeting, we start the work cycle. We eat and then it's time to rest. \n\nMy children live in an urban area. They see things that most adults wouldn't understand. However, my little ones are very sweet and eager to learn. The school has highly qualified teachers and the resources to educate these children in the best way possible. \n\nThe children will use the CD player and headphones to listen to the books on CD. They will learn how to turn the pages when they hear the ding after all of the words have been read. This is good for learning to appreciate books and to become aware that print has meaning.  The children and I can have conversations about what they have heard on the CD. If the children want to have me read a book to them, we can talk about the difference between how I read the book and how the recorded voice on the CD reads the book. The children will learn how to take care of the books and the CDs so that we can keep them for a long time. \n\nThis will help to keep the children engaged in something new in the classroom. The children already love books so they will be eager to listen to some new books on CD.  The children can choose which books they want to listen to. This will give them some power over what they do in the classroom. 
538:::A typical day in my reading block involves students reading a text, analyzing it, discussing it with peers, and sharing with the class. \n\nMy students are fifth graders attending a public school in Camden, NJ. The school is located in a poverty-stricken area. Resources are limited leading students struggle with mastering some concepts. However, they students come to school almost every day. Thus the class continues to maintain 90% or better attendance rating. They are gifted, focused and driven. They look forward to creative and engaging activities that will allow them to share their learning.  \n\nI envision students working in groups or pairs reading text on the pads or researching information. I envision students presenting their argument or sharing information from the pads. The pads will be tools that students can use across the curriculum. Overall, I want my students to utilize the pads to support, enhance, and improve learning. Students should understand the important role that technology plays in and out of the classroom. \n\nThe donations will improve learning in my class. My students look forward to creative lessons that incorporate more than just paper and pencil activities. Using the pads will provide them with an avenue to discover and explore more. My students lives will change because of the endless learning opportunities they will be able to accomplish using these resources.  
539:::Many of my students come from low socioeconomic families and technology is not available to them in their homes.  It is my goal to both introduce my students to technology to equip them for global networking in the 21st Century as well as use technology to expand my students resources for learning. \n\nMy sweet class of 2nd graders is located in a small mountain town in North Carolina.  Our school has a population of 400 students and approximately 70% of our population is on free and reduced lunch.  Many of my students come from low socioeconomic homes and our school has the highest population of English Language Learners in the district.  Our class has 18 students with a large majority being boys.  A lot of our learning is done in small groups and through centers! \n\nStudents will only work so long with pencil and paper before they become disengaged and bored.  When I introduce technology into our daily lessons and activities the students become interested and are ready to learn. The iPads will be used for centers, listening to and reading books, playing educational games, and using math and science apps to increase student learning!\n\n \n\nMany of the students live in low socioeconomic families and  technology is not available in their homes.  Technology is also limited at school.  The school's 400 students share one computer lab and one iPad cart.  The classroom has one student computer.  Providing more technology will allow the students to become familiar with updated technology and in return give them skills needed for global networking in the 21st Century and will serve as a wonderful resource for their everyday learning. 
540:::We are a rookie FRC robotics team in a rural district. We recently competed in our first competition and would like to grow our team in our district. We have worked really hard to produce our robot but we are in need of items that will make robot building more efficient. \n\nMy students are high school students from very diverse backgrounds. I have students participating in athletics, band, choir, drama, computers, etc. There is a variety of socioeconomic backgrounds and we have males and females. We turn no one away. This program has projects for all students, no matter their interest. \n\nStudents will learn how to use the 3-D printer to build parts for our robot. Sometimes commercial parts are not available since our robot is unique to the challenge so specific parts will need to be manufactured on site. Students will also learn how to use modeling software to program the 3-D printer. \n\nStudents will build a fully functional robot per the specs of FRC's challenge and guidelines. They will use a variety of hand tools (saws, drills, wire cutters, etc), shop tools (table saw, drill press, etc.) and computer programs (3-D modeling, Java, Labview). Students will also learn business structure, how to organize and run a business, make presentations, video making, grant and essay writing. This program will give them skills to use as future community members. 
541:::Daily, I encourage students to write. It is a challenge to get my students to jot down their own thoughts on paper or perhaps respond to a great story. My goals are to get my students to effectively transfer their thoughts onto paper and create a writing portfolio. \n\nMy fifth grade students reside in a very high poverty area where learning resources are very limited. However, my students have a ton of potential. Some desire to be successful in every aspect of learning, and others require additional motivation. For my students, school is considered an outlet to explore, express, and enjoy. \n\nThis year, our classroom theme is Stars at Work. I believe that my stars will develop the passion to write if I create a special time for writing every day through the use of a classroom writing center. The writing center will be a very special place to allow students to work quietly and store all materials needed to create writing portfolios.  Students will be expected to utilize the composing process for all writing assignments. They will effectively plan, draft, revise, edit, and publish their writing. Before publishing a finished product, I will conduct a workshop with individual students that will require me to provide feedback and corrections through the use of sticky notes and highlighters. Students will utilize copying paper, construction paper, markers, glue, and scissors to add creativity and color before publishing their masterpieces. This center will allow students to become effective writers. Students will have a grand opportunity to display their work. \n\nThis project will give my students a desire to write. Students will look forward to jotting down ideas or responses if they are able to work in a special area, be creative, receive effective feedback, and display their grand masterpieces. 
542:::Do you remember how fun it was to color with colored pencils in art class? How about shading and blending them to make new colors? Access to basic supplies like this is a key issue in low income schools like ours. \n\nMy students are from the inner city and are mostly English language learners backgrounds from low income homes. They are hard-working, respectful, self-motivated young people who are eager to learn! At our school teachers, parents, administrators, and community members work together to create the best learning environment possible. Our school works hard to build leadership skills with an emphasis on critical thinking and college readiness for ALL students. \n\nWoodless color pencils allow students to use all of the pencil to color, even when the pencil is not sharpened. Thicker lines are created by rubbing the edge, thin lines by applying pressure to the tip. These color pencils are high quality and will last a long time.\nThe sterilite containers I requested will help separate and store the pencils. This simple organizing system will dramatically cut down on the amount of time my students spend looking for the color they need. \n\nArt is a way for students to demonstrate what they have learned, and more importantly, what they have not learned. With this knowledge, I can better service my students and help them understand science, math, and art concepts in greater depth. This will help them prepare for a life full of challenges. Please help me to release the creative side of my students by providing them with the art supplies we need most. Your act of kindness and generosity will have a long lasting impact on our school. 
543:::I am a traveling language teacher (ESL) who moves around to six different classrooms. I teach 4th and 5th grade and see about 180 students a day, especially focusing on the students who are English Language Learners, which is about 100 of the 180.   \n\nI teach at a "priority" school in east Portland (priority schools are high poverty schools that were ranked in the bottom 5% of the state). I have almost 100 fourth and fifth grade identified English Language Learners. ELLs make up over 50% of their grade level here, which is why I move around to every classroom instead of pulling them out, which would cause them to miss important instruction in something else. Many of my students are stuck in the ELL classification and need one-on-one or small group attention to hone the skills they have. Most of my students are have been labeled "ELL" since they were in kindergarten. \n\nThis year we started a "push-in, co-teaching" model, which means I am teaching language skills through content, which is usually science. This is new and there are not many resources out there for this type of teaching. Each day I create my own materials. I spend hours a day planning activities for each of my classes and groups.  \nThese materials will be used in two different ways: as station type activities that students can work on as a group while I pull other students to work with me and as activities I can use in those small groups. My students need games and activities to practice language skills while I am working with small groups or individual students. \n\nThese donations will provide fun activities so every student will be engaged in learning 100% of the time. The specific skills in these activities will help my students grow in their language and eventually exit out of needing ESL services! 
544:::The students on my caseload receive special education services due to having a learning or emotional disability or because they are on the autism spectrum. I meet with students individually, in small groups and in the classroom. When a crisis situation arises, I am called on to resolve it.   \n\nThe school I work at has so many wonderful children who come from homes that have limited resources, guidance or support. They are exposed to drugs, gangs, violence and poverty. Many times the social work services they receive at school will be the only emotional support they receive. Eighty percent of our students receive free and reduced lunch.  \n\nThe students I work with struggle with managing their emotions, have poor self-esteem and social skills, have difficulty communicating effectively with others, and/or have a difficult home life. All of these things impact their ability to come to school, focus, build relationships and have academic success.\n\nSo many of the children I work with express their hopes, dreams and goals for their future.  My hope is to be one more positive person in their life that can teach them the social and emotional skills they need to reach those dreams. \n\nDuring the week I conduct three classroom group sessions with the cross categorical classes.  The students in these classes have learning and/or emotional disabilities. I also meet with students in small groups and individually.  \n\nMy students need therapeutic games like The Impulse Control Game, Mad Dragon, and the Life Skills Question Card Deck to improve their social and emotional skills. I will be able to use the therapeutic games to meet the needs of the students I work with in all three settings.\n\nAt times it can be difficult to find activities that middle school students will actively participate in. With new therapeutic games, I will be able to have activities that will engage the students to learn and participate in their social work sessions.  These games will help students learn how to manage and express their emotions, learn social skills and learn how to communicate with others. Many students feel that therapeutic games are non-threatening and fun, so they are more willing to share information about themselves and their feelings. \n\nMany of the games and activities I currently have are out-of-date or missing pieces or the students just don't like to play them. I am constantly trying to find new activities and games to use with my students to help them learn the social and emotional skills they need to be successful at school. Students have more academic success when they learn how to manage their emotions, improve behaviors, and develop positive relationships. 
545:::My class is a combined kindergarten and first grade class so we need to utilize a lot of work stations for reading and math centers that will accommodate many ability levels. \n\nYoung children love to be active.  They like to play and for many this is their first school experience.  My class is made up of ten kindergarten and eight first grade students in a school located in central Florida.  Having mixed grades in one classroom, I have to meet the needs of really high first grade to low kindergarten abilities. \n\nOur school is a Title 1 school with about 86% of the children qualify for the free or reduced federal lunch program.  We have a lot of children living with families with one parent or being raised by a grandparent.  Some children are considered homeless because they live with relatives.   \n\nThe two ASUS tablets and the two, protective covers will be used in reading centers for practice with letter sounds, sight words, and phoneme blending.  The tablets will allow the children to access their new reading series online component.  The more practice the children have the more confident they will be when reading.\n\nMeeting the needs of the children in math can be quite challenging when face with all the different abilities.  Using the tablets for practice in math centers will allow the children to get some extra math skill work.   \n\nAdding the tablets to my classroom will allow my students to work with up to date technology that is not currently available.  With our school budgets, I barely get enough money to pay for basic supplies and certainly not enough for any technology.  My students deserve the best so they can learn and be successful in school.   
546:::My students have individually developed curricula and communication needs.  Materials are created on a weekly basis & used daily.  The wear and tear on materials is such that most would need to be replaced within one week. That's where lamination helps to save time and resources. \n\nMy students are Kindergarteners with significant disabilities in a self contained classroom.  They are curious and energetic, but also have disabilities that require a functional curriculum based on their needs.  \n\nWe focus on daily life skills such as following routine simple directions, using class materials and toys appropriately, using pictures to communicate wants and needs, and following individual daily schedules.  Their skills are at a level that we create many of the materials for their lessons.  For example, some of my students need assistance cluing into the important part of a page when looking through books.  I adapt the books by adding specific important pictures to the pages, create simplified versions of commonly used grade level books, or simply create my own materials for students to manipulate and use. \n\nA laminator and 3 & 5 millimeter pouches will enable me to laminate teacher created materials that make the materials more sturdy and durable for my students.  Laminate makes the materials incredibly durable which is needed especially for pictures and books that are used multiple times a day.  \n\nLaminated materials are especially useful for students with fine motor difficulties as it stiffens that paper and makes it easier to hold and manipulate.  I am also able to use hook and loop fasteners on laminated materials to support stable positioning of materials during instruction.\n\nSome of my students use pictures for communication and laminated materials are more durable and do not require us to keep printing and replacing ruined pictures.\n\nThe different thickness of laminate pouches allows me to choose the thickness of protection depending upon student needs.  Some students can still tear thinner laminate and some need the extra sturdiness of the thicker laminate. \n\nAt this time my school has used it's budgeted amount of laminate for the school year.  Donations to this project will allow me to continue creating and using new curricular materials that will be durable and save resources and time in the long run.  It will also allow for materials (such as pictures for communication and other visual supports) to go on with students next year as they go into a new building and enter first grade.  Familiar materials help with the transition to a new building. 
547:::I love to read and each week I read at least 1-2 books and sometimes more.  There's something so relaxing to me to cuddle up and read a good story.  For my students, reading isn't easy or fun but with Speakaboo electronic books my students will fall in love with books. \n\nMy classroom is an amazing place filled with hard working students and staff. Each child has an individual education plan to help them make progress on goals in academics, social skills, communication and functional life skills. About 25% of my students speak English as a second language and every student works significantly below their grade level but they are full of curiosity, energy and incredible potential. We focus on the positive and celebrate every success that our students achieve. Every day we do our best to make sure that our students have the necessary tools they need to succeed, but it's not easy when you have a classroom budget of $200 per year in a high poverty school. With the help of DonorsChoose, I am able to provide unique and engaging materials to help my students who experience autism and other communication disorders overcome their challenges and let their abilities shine through. \n\nSpeakaboos are books/stories available electronically.  You can access them on a computer or tablet which means my students can read at home, during the summer and at school.  They are fun and engaging but provide important reading opportunities at whatever reading level the student is at.  This makes such a difference to my students.  They are more motivated when presented with opportunities to learn on computers or iPads.  This makes Speakaboos the perfect learning tool for my students to help them maintain skills over the summer. The Speakaboo subscription will allow me to provide an access code to the students in my classroom as well as another special education classroom as well.  \n\nStudents who experience autism need to be constantly exposed to materials in order to keep their skills up.  These e-books will allow my students to practice reading skills during the summer as well as during the school year.  Please help me give my students the gift of reading.  Thank you. 
548:::My first grade students are from low income homes and have not been exposed to technology and books. They have yet to discover books that capture and hold their imagination. The technology in our school is limited which makes it difficult to expose the students to new and different ideas.\n\nMy students are first graders at a public school in an urban area which consists mainly of low income families. They are just beginning their education and, therefore, come to school each day with excitement and a strong desire to learn. Being that my students are from impoverished homes they have not been exposed to many things outside of their neighborhoods. For my students school is the avenue needed to explore the world and to establish and reach their goals. \n\nI am requesting iPads minis so that my students will have the opportunity to explore reading in a new, fun, and imaginative way. The iPads will help to increase their reading skills and open a whole new way of learning for them that they would otherwise not have access to due to our limited resources. My students would also be able to use the tablets as visual aids when learning about various concepts. \n\nDonations to this project will make it possible to expose my students to new ideas and an exciting way of learning. The tablets will make it possible for me to show my students that there is more to learning and more to the world than just what they see around them.  
549:::My students love to learn and create. These kids can show me so much by what they create. Learning through art is an amazing thing to watch and experience.  \n\nMy school is made up of about 500 students. My classroom consists of students grades kindergarten through fourth grade with varying disabilities. My students love science and reading. Their comprehension skills increase when they learn using a variety of activities and creating projects.  \n\nMy students will use these materials during instruction time to show evidence of comprehension, and the love of learning through arts and crafts activities. Allowing my students more freedom for expression during learning will increase their motivation. My students need colored paper, markers, and scissors to increase learning through art activities.\n\nThis project will help to increase comprehension for my students by making learning more fun. We will have more supplies to make projects and do better activities in the classroom.  
550:::My Students: Do you love watching the Marching Band during halftime? Playing those instruments starts in 4th grade. Getting the instruments in their little hands is already a challenge, then there is the expense of Method Books, which is the best way to learn an instrument. \n\nMy students are energetic 4th graders who LOVE music. They want to sing, dance and play instruments. If they could do all three at the same time, they would still look for more ways to create music. The school population is entirely 3rd and 4th grade. The ensembles offered are Band, Chorus and Strings, but only 4th graders are allowed in Band and Strings. Since Kindergarten, they have learned how to listen to music, and now they want to make their own.  The best way to learn is using a Method Book.  It is an expense that sometimes actually prevents a deserving student from learning to properly play an instrument. \n\nImagine buying a piece of "some assembly required" furniture and taking it home, only to open it up and find that you only get the directions as you are putting it together.  That is what it is like to learn an instrument without a formal method book.  Method books give step-by-step directions on how to play the instrument and they are designed so that you are playing songs right from the beginning.  It is a fabulous motivator for students to practice and progress.  Without method books, the young musician cannot look ahead to see what is coming, because they only have what we have gotten to in class.  We cannot just buy and copy one book, because that breaks the copyright laws.  In addition, everything would be bound together and students would not waste time sifting through handwritten lesson pages to find the right one, they could simply turn to the appropriate page and start playing.  Students will be able to learn much faster and those that are capable could move ahead. \n\nHaving method books for each student would improve the quality of my classroom by eliminating the wasted time of having the children write out their lessons or constantly passing out new lesson pages.  It will also increase the importance of the lessons because there will be a formal book, just like math and language arts.  It will change the students' lives for the better because it will increase their confidence and they will feel proud when they can play an actual song, even as a beginner. 
551:::As a teacher I want to make the biggest impact in the short amount of time I get to spend with my students. It is important to me to give them the knowledge they need to be successful in life. Technology is vital to that growth. \n\nMy students live in a low-income area and most are on a Free/Reduced lunch program. Our school has a significant ESL population and SPED population making up our wonderfully diverse school. With so many various needs it is important to support my students in as many ways possible. Technology is a huge part of closing the achievement gap for these students. Having an iPad in my classroom will give students the motivation to really explore mathematics in an interesting and meaningful way.  \n\nUtilizing a variety of applications on the iPad, my students will become active learners and take ownership in their education.They will be able to view math in a different context other than from a textbook. The iPad will also allow me to take advantage of all the advances in education that are possible through technology. I'm always striving to be a better teacher for my students.  \n\nIntegrating technology into my classroom will give them skills necessary to thrive in college and their future careers. But beyond that, it will increase their critical thinking skills and deepen their understanding of the math concepts that so many students struggle with. Engaging students with technology can make math more relatable and interesting! 
552:::When I inherited my very own classroom 9 years ago it came with aged bookshelves, old cubbies and 1 child friendly shelf. Through Donors Choose I've stocked my classroom with amazing supplies. Now I'd like to have storage units so my students can access and organize the learning materials they need! \n\nMy first graders are very active and engaged learners. They are quickly learning to read, write, investigate, create and solve real world problems. They are bilingual students that are learning academic content and social skills in Spanish and English. I truly enjoy watching them grow.  At the beginning of the year they arrive with basic literacy, math and writing skills. By the spring they are prolific! Throughout the year they develop a love of inquiry, reading and collaboration. Our school strives to provide an exciting and engaging education for our local community. We are a dual immersion school and help promote positive cross-cultural experiences that will help our students succeed in the global community.  \n\nThrough Donors Choose and donors such as YOU, my classroom has a variety of learning supplies such counting cubes, markers, dice, books, musical instruments and more. My students take excellent care of all of these learning supplies and enjoy sharing them with their peers while they learn. The issue we have is where to store all of these materials so that our room is organized, clean and kid friendly. Often I have to rotate which materials are accessible because we don't have the shelf or counter space to keep everything available. This is a shame! The reason I requested all of these learning supplies was to put them in the hands of my students not in a cupboard. The storage furniture in this proposal will update our classroom and make it a true learning environment. Students will have safe access to the materials they need to learn, create, collaborate and progress. Our classroom will be better organized which will help them focus. They will learn how to care for our supplies too. \n\nI am very hopeful that my classroom will be updated for my next class in the fall. As I stated before, the furniture in my room has been here for over 10 years and has a lot of wear and tear! It is not sufficient to make all of our leaning supplies available to the children. The storage furniture in my proposal is safe, kid friendly and built to last many years. Please help create an organized learning environment for my students with a donation for storage furniture. Thank you! 
553:::Choral students at Fayetteville High School sight read daily.  As part of choral performance assessment, students are given music to read "at first glance."  This is a skill that lasts a lifetime and will enable students to sing ANYTHING. \n\nFayetteville High School's Choral Music Program consists of 150 students, grades 10-12 (It will reach 350 in 2015).  The program is know state-wide, and across the region as one of the best.  The choirs consistently receive "Superior" ratings at competition.  FHS averages 45 members in the All-Region Choir, 20 in the All-State Choir, with many using their skills to obtain music scholarships and continue a career in music.  Students participate in an annual Madrigal Feast, and typically hold lead roles in the musical, which is produced every other year.  Currently, FHS Choir has students pursuing degrees in Vocal Music Performance, Music Education, Music Business, and Audio Engineering.  Students that are members of the choir, are also involved in a variety of other activities (i.e., athletics, Honor Society, Student Council).  \n\nThis institution has a diverse population, including ethnicity and socio-economic status.  FHS also boasts its AP Program as one of the top in the region \n\nShould the iPads be received, they would then be "pinned" to a home computer that contains the software "Smart Music".  This program allows students to enter a practice room and sing through a number of sight-singing examples, with the program grading each attempt and providing the student feedback on what was missed and what needs to be improved.  The goal is to improve the individual student's ability to pick up a piece of music never seen before, and sing it at first sight.  \n\nThe program also contains a number of pedagogy supplements that may be used by the student to improve vocal technique, or focus on a specific technique challenge.  Students that are participating in Solo/Ensemble competition, or preparing for scholarship auditions, may use the extensive solo literature library to discover new music, and use the accompaniment tracks to rehearse. \n\nEach year, as we participate in our Region/State Choral Performance Assessment, the sight-reading component is a challenge for our younger students.  The ability to strengthen each student as an individual sight-singer will only make the group and program stronger.  The ability to sight-sing will give them the necessary skills to possibly receive more scholarship funds, and will fine-tune a lifelong skill, which will enable them to sing in an ensemble for the rest of their lives. 
554:::Did you have fun at your field day when you were in school?   \n\nMy students live in a large, urban area that is impoverished. Our school building is very old and out of date. All our students receive a free breakfast and lunch due to their families low-income status. Coming to school, is probably the best part of their day.   \n\nThe equipment requested will be used by all the students at our annual field day that we hold in June. Students will participate in parachute games, hop sack relay races, and a scoop tossing game! Throughout our field day, students will participate in cooperative teamwork activities that foster a positive and fun learning experience with their classmates.   \n\nGiving to this project will help create great memories for these children and provide them with a fun field day experience. Getting active and having fun is the ultimate goal of this project. The entire student body will have an opportunity to benefit from the equipment and it will be utilized throughout the year in our PE classes as well.  
555:::My second grade students having been working hard each day to build the skills necessary for third grade. I am proud of the progress they are making in Language Arts and Math. My students love to work in centers to supplement what they are learning and they will be thrilled to have new materials. \n\nMy  second grader students are full of life and are eager to learn. There are 15 students each with their own special gifts and talents. They attend a charter school in Camden, New Jersey. \n     My students love to work in groups in our classroom literacy and math centers. Our room is in need of new and exciting materials to enhance our learning experience.  An audio phonics center will help to build their growing vocabularies and increase their comprehension.  Learning games to help memorize addition and subtraction facts would be a helpful addition to our room. \n\nMany of my students have difficulty recalling vowel and consonant digraph sounds. The learning materials that I hope to use in our literacy centers will help the students increase their sight and sound recognition. My students are working very hard to be able to read independently. \n   In math class, we are learning to regroup. A regrouping wall chart will give my students a visual aide as well as a chance for interactive learning. My students enjoy solving problems on the board. They will be amazed to have the chance to use the regrouping chart. \n\n     My students are working hard to meet grade level requirements. They would benefit from hands-on materials to help them stay motivated and excited about learning. It is my hope and belief that each of my students will be success with a little motivation. \n      This past month we celebrated the many colleges that the teachers attended. It is the hope and dream of all parents and faculty of Katz Academy that each of our students have the same opportunity. 
556:::18 tiny humans racing into my room bright and early in the morning, excited for the day ahead!  Kindergartners love to be mobile, and we just aren't able to do that with our technology, YET!  I want them to be able to move safely in our room while using great technology! \n\nMy 5 year old kindergarten students come from a wide range of situations and families which makes for wonderfully, diverse mixture of kids.  Our school is in a small town, and the school itself has the same feel.  We are like one large family, where everybody knows everybody, and each child is special to you for one reason or another!  We get to watch students as they grow up in our school and be a part of their lives not just the year we teach them, but for years to come.  Even though we are a smaller, older school, we try to provide the best experiences and technology for our students.  It is a really special school to be a part of and there is no better place than here! \n\nMy students will be able to get up and move around the room with an iPod Touch in a Griffin protective case.  I want them to be able to walk around the room and go on a QR code hunt to find popcorn words, subtraction problems, shapes, etc.  I also want them to be able to take the iPod Touches to the carpet and listen to books read aloud to them.  The possibilities are endless!  There are so many ways my students will be able to benefit from this technology.  One of the biggest benefits is the size!  We have small hands and iPads are bulky for students to carry.  These will  be easier for my K5 students to hold and maneuver while moving around the room!  The case will keep the iPod Touch from being damaged while we move around the room.  Even if it gets dropped, the money spent will be protected!  I can't wait to see all of the things we are able to do with this new technology! \n\nSome of my students have no technology at home or very little.  The experiences they get at school are providing such huge learning experiences for them for the future.  We live in a world of technology and they need to be comfortable with it.  I strive to have activities that are appropriate for my students age, and this is just another way I can provide for their learning needs.  We need technology that fits in our little hands! 
557:::Kids need more and more motivation to read. We spend 30 minutes a day silently reading (and guided reading)  as well as an hour on Language arts. We are pushing for fluency. Getting kids to enjoy reading.  \n\nMy class is a mix of middle and low income kids. Some of kindles or tablets and others don't. I have noticed that when the kids bring their kindles to school to read, others cuddle up with them wanting to share. It seems to motivate them to see the books on that screen. That's what we want to see--motivation to read. A couple of my students who have kindles, have read so many books and keep reading on and on. I want all of my students to have the opportunity to read on the kindles and get motivated to read more. \n\nKindle fires can do so much more than just be books for the kids. We can use them for research and books. With these 3 I can put my kids in groups and have them reading to each other. Amazon has many free books to download so I can keep them reading. Our school library only has a copy or two of each book and kids have to wait for books to become available. With the kindles, I can download the books. I spend a lot of money for my students, buying books would be a great way for me to help them become fluent readers.  \n\nI am hoping these kindles don't so frivolous. I just see how much kids get motivated by technology and what they can do with it. With these kindles, I can not only give them books to read, but research projects that can be done anywhere their group sits. I want my kids to get back into reading and I know how much their reading will improve with these kindles.  
558:::Can you remember how it felt to be a fourth grader? You thought the world outside was so exciting and more inviting than sitting indoors learning about whatever the school teacher wanted to teach you. \n\nFourth graders have not changed that much and I need something to not only engage my students, but to excite them about learning.\n\nI am a fourth grade teacher at an elementary school in North Carolina. I currently have 23 students (14 boys and 9 girls). A fourth of my students' parents are military members serving our country. My students' abilities range from high, medium, and low, including 5 students with special needs. Quite a few of them are extremely active and need something to challenge them academically, while allowing them to participate instead of spectate. \n\n21st century learners need 21st century technology. I am in desperate need of a MimioTeach to make lessons more interactive and interesting. This item is less expensive than an interactive whiteboard; however, it will more than do the job of meeting the needs of my students. Many of my students need to be highly engaged in learning. The MimioTeach will encourage student participation and allow more lessons to be student-centered. The MimioTeach can be used to present interesting lessons and help to maintain the focus of the students, especially when offered the prospect of using it themselves. The MimioTeach allows those students who need to move around the option to do so. \n\nKeeping the attention of my students when there are so many stimuli around them is somewhat difficult. Please help me provide the right type of stimulus by donating to my classroom. As an educator, I would love to purchase any and everything my students need; unfortunately, with budget cuts, extra technology is not always a priority which is why I am hoping you will grace me with a donation. Thank you for your consideration. 
559:::My students come from a wide variety of home environments.  All of my students have a hard time learning.  Some are from other countries, but many just struggle to make sense of reading and math.  They find school to be tedious and boring, because it doesn't make sense to them. \n\nI teach in a rural school, that is close to a city.  Many of my students come from hard working families.  The parents often have two jobs to make ends meet. The kids come to school with a will to learn and the families want the absolute best for their children.  The students I work with have learning disabilities, communication problems or are just learning English.  They are struggling to make sense of the world around them and need someone to believe in them. \n\nThe games that you provide us with, will help the students practice the tedious tasks and enjoy school.  These games will make learning FUN!  Who wouldn't want to have fun learning?  I want my students to practice reading everyday.  I don't want it to be  boring.  I want them to have fun and get the practice that they need.  They can do just that with these games.\n\nWon't you make learning fun for the students who struggle the most?  Please consider the gift of learning for the struggling students.  It will make their days enjoyable and learning easier. 
560:::I want my students to leave my classroom knowing that they have the experience and knowledge they need to be prepared for college.  It sometimes feels like an up hill battle when dealing with outdated and aging technology.  All of my students could greatly benefit from updated graphing calculators! \n\nI have a 130 students who want to find connections in math to their world. Their first question on each new topic is "why" and "when can I use that?" My school is located in a high poverty area of Tennessee. A large majority of my students are economically disadvantaged and fall into a high percentage of free or reduced lunch. \n\n\nBut what they lack in financial backing, they more than make up for in inquisitiveness and a deep passion to connect school to their world perspective. \n\n\nThe school has limited and aging technology resources, and the school and students would greatly benefit  from updated technology, like the TI-Nspire graphing calculators! \n\nThis project ties in with my other projects,  An "Apple" a Day Keeps the Calories at Bay. The first project had students tracking their dietary habits, keeping a journal, setting dietary goals and using an Apple Mac Book workstation to track, graph and chart their progress toward their dietary goals. To further dive into a merger between technology, math skills and good nutrition, I am requesting two Texas Instruments TI-Nspire graphing calculators as a start for a classroom set of thirty.  This will allow even more students to use high-end technology and work with and understand the relationship of real world data and goal setting concerning eating healthier. \n\nEvery donation to this project will allow my 130 students to further understand the value of good nutrition while at the same time strengthen and reinforce their creativity, organizational skills, and math skills with the use of technological resources. The graphing calculators can be used for even more projects within the classroom as needed in class.\n 
561:::A typical day in my classroom is full of whole-group, one-on-one, and group instruction. As a teacher I guide my students during a new lesson/concept. The students then take the new skill/concept and explore it individually, with a group, or a partner.\n\nThe school that I teach at is located in a small city. The students come from diverse backgrounds. Our school is made up of low socioeconomic students. The parents of our students have a lot of pride and expectations for education. My students are very bright and love to work independently.\n\nThe software that I would like to have is TenMarks.  Tenmarks is a program that offers CCSS aligned lessons. The program will also allow the students to practice skills that have been taught during math class each day. This program also offers a real-time intervention lesson for struggling students.\n\nThis project offers CCSS aligned lessons, and videos that help the students with math lessons. It will also enhance my classroom by providing real-time intervention lessons for my struggling students. This will change my students' lives by enhancing their learning experience.
562:::One of my favorite quotes is, "Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You." Reading has the power to let your imagination run wild. My goal is to allow our class library to be a place where that happens. \n\nMy school is very supportive and welcoming. It is all about community. My students have the power to turn my days upside down. They are silly, inventive, communicative, and like to learn. I currently teach first graders who are learning to work together as a community. \n\nThese books will form a part of our classroom library. Students will be able to check out books from our classroom library to read both in class and at home. This will benefit those kids who do not own many books at home, and this will help them with practicing their reading. \n\nFirst grade is such an important year with such a huge push for learning to read. Having books that engage them will allow them to see reading as a positive and fun thing. Many books will also serve to teach them some character traits that they will remember as they move on to other grades.  
563:::I want my students to achieve as much as they can academically, and to simply find joy in life and learning. Reaching my students at a level where they find enjoyment and growth is a huge struggle. \n\nIf they can't learn the way we teach, we teach the way they learn"-O. Ivar Lovaa \n\nAll six of my students are diagnosed with moderate to severe Autism. They all require individualized education plans and receive speech and language services as well as occupational therapy to learn the simplest of life skills. The majority of my students are nonverbal and require varying communication systems to get needs and wants met. They all have amazing and beautiful personalities, talents, and skills that shine through no matter the frustration they go through. Their lives are far from easy, however they share their day with us, and come to school with smiles on their faces, ready to give us their best. Our school accepts our students with open arms and hearts, however is just unable to meet the demanding needs they have in academics and accommodations to their learning styles. \n\nMy students need their little hands to have access to an iPad mini, to allow them the big wonders technology can interject into their world. And they need an Otterbox to protect the iPad from their little hands! My students learn through every learning style imaginable. They soak up knowledge through fun, laughter, and most importantly hands-on engagement.  My students are highly motivated by technology and the hands-on approaches it offers to learning, especially those that provide sensory input. \n\nWe spend lots of time working in whole groups with presentations on our interactive whiteboard, as well as lots of time working 1:1 with adult staff. My students would be able to tackle challenging new material more stress free with the advantages of an iPad mini. Letters, numbers, tracing, and problem solving, all paired with a smile would make a difference in their education. Students show increasing levels of time on task and pure happiness when engaged in activities that involve computers, music, and touchscreens.  It is my hope that they will be able to learn from this technology, AND show us more into who they really are as individuals. \n\nMy students have so much to say, show, and learn, however are at a standstill due to financial limits set on education. They are only able to learn as fast as I am able to make learning meaningful to them. With access to things beyond their dreams, I think they will show growth in leaps and bounds, as well as smiles that spread farther than they ever have. It is my hope that the impact of new technology can improve their lives starting today, and last a lifetime. 
564:::My students understand the need for effort and perseverance while studying mathematics and language arts.  They know that the ability to explain their reasoning is part of the "right answer." \n\nOur special elementary school was once among the pumpkin patches, but now the main road is a busy boulevard and the mall is close by.  Our suburban school nurtures 600 students daily.  The kindergarten through sixth graders have a variety of abilities, interests, and needs.  The community has experienced economic changes in recent years. The staff and the community work together to provide stability and support. \n\nIXL will allow choice for students as well as guidance from their teacher.  Children will be able to practice foundation skills while choosing enrichment in other areas. Students will have access across the grade levels, so options are numerous. Math students may be classifying angles, reviewing division facts, or evaluating variable expressions.  Language arts learners may be punctuating dialogue, forming plural possessives, or choosing antonyms. This material will definitely be used daily both within the classroom and at home. The program supports every learning style with questions, visuals, and interactive activities.  Awards and certificates along the way entice learners to persevere. \n\nStudents need to see themselves as successful. IXL will encourage my fifth graders to learn from their mistakes, and continue setting new goals. The message will be meeting new challenges is fun! This license also offers complete progress reporting, so I can keep track of my students' daily improvement. 
565:::I have 17 Kindergarten students who are eager to learn and show what they now. All of my students receive free breakfast and lunch. I have one ELL student and three ESE students within my room.  \n\nOur school is located in a very low income area where many students have limited parental involvement at home. All of my students are excited to be in school but have difficulty staying organized and feeling comfortable with the routine of school. This project will give us tools to improve our classroom organization and teach skills that will be necessary and useful during their entire educational careers.  \n\nMy students will use the various bins to complete work and turn in for mini assessments. The floormats will give my students thrown fun spot for reading centers to read independently. The magnets and various resources that are requested will aid in students being accountable for their work and completion of their work, better preparing them for future grade levels. The pointers will help students stay on track while reading to ensure that they don't loose their place.  \n\nOrganizational skills and taking ownership of their own work are crucial to my students' success. Organization will keep my students on task and minimize unnecessary confusion for students. These skills will then become part of their lives and something that they do as second nature better preparing them for higher education and their careers. 
566:::My students are enthusiastic about learning and their favorite part of the day is the integration of technology within their math lessons. \n\nMy students are a diverse bunch of kids that contribute many different qualities to our classroom. They also put forth great work ethics and they love to learn. \n\nThese students are in the grades of 3rd through 5th.\n\nOur school is located in an urban community in Camden NJ. \n\nMy students will utilize these supplies daily. They love using technology and this will expand their opportunities in the application of mathematical and scientific instruction. \nWith these resources my students will be able  to visually create and learn many different concepts within the classroom.\nMy students are in need of a functional computer so that they can access math activities with their CD-Rom's. Also, they are in need of a tablet so that they can access interactive math related activities on the internet, while engaging in independent practice. \n\nThis donation will change my students lives by creating an additional outlet for them to diversify their learning. The will become more aware of how technology can enhance their learning. 
567:::Our class is always on the move and researching new topics and ideas. We are lucky enough to have technology to help us learn and discover.  \n\nMy students are from a socio-economically disadvantaged area. We are a title one school with over 85% receiving free or reduced lunches. This year my students were chosen to pilot an IPads in the classroom program. We have only had them for a week and already I am seeing kids more engaged and excited about learning.  \n\nWith the switch to common core our students need to have resources such as tablets at their fingertips. We were lucky enough to receive the iPads, but there is nothing protecting them from breakage. I have requested basic covers to help insure a longer life for these amazing resources.  \n\nBy protecting the iPads, you will help insure that these amazing resources remain in the students hands. Once they break, we have no funds to replace them with, and this will leave students without the resources they need to succeed.  
568:::It's great to read old classics but most of my students have read the musty dusty books I inherited from previous teachers. It's time to revamp our class sets. The vote is in, we are going to start our journey into modern contemporary literature with "The City of Ember."  \n\nWe are a group of happy, goofy, hardworking sixth graders from a smallish city in Northern California. About 30% of our school is Latino and we are bridged between the suburbs and rural countryside of our county. Our school has a varied cross section of socioeconomic and cultural backgrounds that his highly representative of our small but diverse community.  \n\nWe are excited to start reading "The City of Ember" by Jeanne DuPrau. Many of the books in storage have been read in previous classes or will be read in junior high school. We are going to be learning about the roles of Literature Circles and how to read for pleasure. "The City of Ember" is the first of a series. It is my hope that some of my reluctant readers will be ignited by this experience and want to continue reading in DuPrau's other books. \nStudents will learn how to make connections to text, identify and create meaning for new and unknown vocabulary, predict, and summarize among other valuable literacy strategies.  \n\nHaving contemporary juvenile and young adult literature will pique my students' interest in a greater way. It's exciting to open an book that is within five years old. This will create more engagement and hopefully a curiosity for more journeys within the pages of other books.  
569:::A typical day inside my classroom, would consist of the students arriving inside the gym and having fun, while learning using our weekly skill theme. \n\nAt the end of the school year, I want my students to be able to teach someone at school or someone at home the skills we have learned.\n \n\nMy students are what make my job the best job in the world, besides being a father to my first child. My students are some of the most polite, attentive students that I have worked with. The energy that my kids bring to P.E every single day makes my job so easy. When we begin our lesson each day, the students are packed with tons of energy, so encouraging my students to participate is something that I never have to do. If I was ever offered another job, I would turn it down every time that I was offered, mainly because my students mean that much to me.\n\nMy school is a Title 1, high poverty school. At my school, the faculty and staff work as a team, all while doing our job to help our students to the best of our ability. Working as a team helps us communicate with each other really well, and helps our students also. \n\nMy students are either working on Skill Themes during the week or working on Sport Education lessons. Normally my Pre-K through 3rd graders are working on Skill Themes. I am planning on using the colored cones by helping mark off my boundaries for our stations a lot better. Also I plan on using the assortment of balls, by implementing them into our different Skill Themes. An example of would be using the assortment of soft ball in our throwing station.\n\nMy older students, 4th and 5th, normally work on Sport Education lessons. These lessons focus on teaching the older students discipline and sportsmanship, along with responsibility. We focus on teaching the students different sports, like basketball, soccer and baseball. I would use the items by implementing them into our different seasons we play. An example would be using the batting tees and whiffle ball into teaching the students the fundamentals of baseball.  \n\nDonations to my project would help improve my classroom by giving the students exciting new equipment to use with our different lessons. It would give the students a variety of equipment we could use and it would also help make our students groups smaller and allow the students to learn with less in each group.\n\nDonation to my project would help change my students lives by letting the students know that there are still good people in the world. I preach this all the time! 
570:::Sit still!" How many times were you told to sit still in school? Never in Ms. Clark's 2nd grade classroom. \n\nMy students are in the middle of the most active period in their lives. Considering the obesity levels in this country, the last thing I want to do is make them sit still. My students sit on hard plastic chairs for much of the day. They have a very short recess, and PE only twice a week. When they get home many sit inside watching TV, playing video games, or on the computer. \n\nAccording to the Mayo Clinic "Sitting is the new smoking." Meaning that sitting all day is terrible for you. Why sit when you can Hokki? I am requesting five more Hokki stools for use in my classroom. These unique stools turn sitting into an activity. The bottom of the stool is slightly rounded which forces the students to stabilize their bodies using their core muscles. This movement will allow them to release energy and increase concentration. They will burn calories while they learn! \n\nThank you so much for reading about my project. Your donations will help my second graders to release energy, burn calories, increase concentration, and increase their overall physical and mental health. 
571:::Not only do fourth graders rock, they want to learn about rocks!  We need examples of a variety of rocks and minerals to learn about and explore. We also would love to read a great book about rocks. \n\n My fourth graders are enthusiastic, project-based learners. They come from different backgrounds and different cities in our area to attend our school. They learn by building, exploring, and creating. Hands-on projects keep them engaged and help them to understand the concepts they are learning.\n\nMany of my students have learning disabilities and/or academic deficits. They struggle to connect with concepts as presented in textbooks, and need exposure to content related text.  \n\nIt is so important that students interact with science concepts in meaningful and engaging ways. That is why I am requesting the rocks and minerals classroom set, learning centers, and grade-level appropriate science chapter books. My students need to see and touch examples of the rocks and minerals that they are supposed to learn about. The learning centers will be a great way for my students to explore the rocks and minerals in small groups. The Magic School Bus chapter books are a great way for us to connect science concepts and literacy, as we read together as a whole class.  \n\nBy donating to this project, you will provide my students with hands-on materials to explore as they learn about rocks and minerals. You will also help us to enjoy reading a science related story together, by providing a class set of books. 
572:::My amazing 459 Art students are learning about new mediums every class and loving every minute of it. Their eyes will open wider when they see what I have in store for them. Silk painting is a natural translucent quality not achieved with canvas or tempera paints. This will knock their socks off! \n\nMy school is a Title 1 school with high poverty families. All children receive free breakfast and lunch. Although they have many setbacks and struggles in their personal lives, they are resilient and eager to try new things. My art program has opened the doors visually to many of our students and they have enjoyed traveling virtually around the world. My colleagues and I work extremely hard each day to nurture their success, keep them at or above grade level, and make them want to achieve higher education. We are passionate about these children and will use any opportunity we can to better their lives. \n\nOur next stop is Italy and I am thinking ahead. The arts in this country are phenomenal, and the students will view the Renaissance  masters and their beautiful artwork. They will 'travel' the countrysides and see gorgeous landscapes, taste amazing foods and create fabulous artwork. Silk hoop painting uses the traditional eastern "Serti" technique of creating positive and negative spaces, confining color and defining lines to resist. Students will use elements of line, shape, value and color and execute a design within a circle. This will connect with their math classes using symmetry and radial design and help them understand visual arts in relation to history and culture. My students will love creating on silk because it is unlike any other painting they have done. \n\nSilk hoop painting will benefit 459 art students by teaching them a new medium, connecting math and literacy, and seeing how other cultures create their art. These students deserve the same opportunities as non Title 1 schools. Please help them secure the resources to create this art and help me continue to bring exciting lesson plans to my students. 
573:::We work hard together! Everyday we practice grammar, reading and writing. Recent changes to the state standards introduce new challenges, which leads to my wanting to teach this book. \n\nMy students represent a myriad of ethnicities and my student population is incredibly diverse. I feel that my students benefit from being around so many students unlike themselves. My students themselves are funny, wacky, fun adolescents who make me laugh every day.. mostly with them! \n\nWe will read Tracy Kidder's "Mountains Beyond Mountains".  This biography tells the story of Paul Farmer. Students benefit from learning about the struggles of people living in third-world countries. Paul Farmer's work has been noble and virtuous.  I would want students to see him as a role model. \n\nReading books always improve lives. Combine a captivating biography that tells a true story of a giving person with the added bonus of learning about the diseases that Farmer sought to eradicate, means that the book will do double-duty. Instilling a love of reading, by starting to teach it in my classroom, will be with my students forever. 
574:::First graders are learning the important skills of revising and reworking their wonderful work. Whether with pencils, whiteboards or markers on poster paper, it's common for six and seven year olds to need a little extra practice getting things to look the way they want. \n\nOur class follows a very full workshop model for both ELA and math, and students are accomplising menus of written and hands on tasks throughout the day. We go through supplies quickly, pencils get used to the nubs and markers are coveted until they no longer write. \n\nA reliable pencil sharpener will alleviate our constant struggle to keep pencils usable with cheap, breakable sharpeners. Kids will be able to get back to their writing or math work without this interruption. Whitebard erasers will give students working on small whiteboards the supplies they need to clean their work on their own. Whiteout will help us make small corrections for those times when we need it. \n\nDonations to this project will ease some of the logistical aspects of accomplishing our work goals in my classroom. These requesed supplies will help keep us "sharp" by saving time spent fussing with fixing things and sharing erasers or sharpeners. Instead, students will have a little more time in their day for learning and producing work they are proud of. 
575:::My students struggle with converting oral language into the written form because they are unable to make the connection. Early phonemic skills are difficult for them to grasp. My students need a lot of support in developing the sounds of letters and then trying to create a word.  \n\nMy students are all struggling readers who need different learning styles to enable them to remember sounds and letters. These centers and activities will support their learning needs. Our school was damaged in last year's storm, Super Storm Sandy, and I need many things for these students to be successful. Many students are still displaced from their homes, but we are finally back in our school. My students love coming to my reading class. We say our sounds everyday but just need more centers to help reinforce these skills. \n\nStudents who are in my class will participate in these literacy centers to help them foster an awareness of sounds and letters. These students need a new approach to learning to start strengthening their reading skills. This project will really enable my students to develop and increase their phonemic awareness and letter sound connection necessary to facilitate fluent reading ability.  \n\nThis project will give my students a new approach to learning how to read. They will be able to play to their strengths and develop their weaknesses. They need a new connection to sounds and the formation of words. With all the new technology today, students need to be out of their seats and using their different learning styles to practice skills not mastered. These centers will tap into their strength as visual tactile learners to help overcome their weakness and become proficient.  
576:::Treat a person as he is, and he will remain as he is. Treat him as what he could be, and he will become what he should be."Jimmy Johnson  \n\nMany students feel that they are not good researchers or writers. I am here to teach them and to prove them wrong. \n\n"Who? What? Zip!" is a common saying in our classroom. We are always looking for ways make learning fun, interesting, and meaningful. Using different methods of instruction help to keep my students engaged in the learning process.\n\nMy reading/writing/language arts classes reach approximately 40 students each day. They range in levels and abilities so differentiating activities is a priority in the classroom. We are a classroom that is constantly moving and working diligently on the skills and levels that are personally appropriate to each student. Our school is a wonderful example of diversity and we strive to give our students every resource possibly available in order to extend their learning. \n\nIt's time to dig deeper into research skills. My class is doing an amazing job using reference materials and non-fiction books to find important information. Our next step is to dive into technology based research skills. We are in desperate need of laptops to help us research and create research based projects. Third grade Common Core standards for writing are requiring students to "conduct short research projects that build knowledge about a topic." Common Core also requires students to "use technology to produce and publish writing using keyboarding skills." \n\nWe need two Acer Chromebooks in order to dig deeper into research skills and to learn how to successfully research, write, edit, and publish papers. \n\nHaving two Chromebooks in our classroom will enable our class to set up computer based writing and research centers for the kids to utilize in an independent learning environment. The students will gain practice in keyboarding skills, research skills, and writing skills. If you are able to help our classroom of learners, just know that you are aiding in the future of a lot of students that do not have technology in their own homes. Thank you for your consideration. 
577:::Can I sharpen my pencil?" I hear this far too many times throughout the day.  Without a pencil sharpener in our room, I'm forced to reply with a sad "No!" \n\nMy students are the most diverse group of students I've ever had the privilege of working with. Many of the students journeys originated from various other countries, other than the United States, including parts of Africa, the Middle East, Asia, and Latin America. They are charismatic and influential to all that meet them! Almost 90% of my students qualify for free and reduced price lunches. Working with a population of students that come from such a low socioeconomic status is motivation for me to provide them with all of the educational resources they deserve! They are so appreciative and some of the hardest working versatile children I've ever known. \n\nWith a heavy duty electric pencil sharpener, my answer to my students repetitive question about sharpening their pencils, would be transformed.  Currently, I am doing all the sharpening before and after school by borrowing an extremely generous co-worker's pencil sharpener in her classroom.  This temporary method is not working out very well, my students are still constantly searching for a sharp pencil to write with.  We are also lacking a paper cutter.  I am spending so many precious minutes of my prep and lunch time cutting papers for my 28 little learners.  A paper cutter would allow me to cut several sheets of paper with one sharp swoop and slice of the blade. \n\nMy SHARP kids need SHARPENED tools!  Alleviate the stress and headache that we've endured by the lack of a pencil sharpener and paper cutter.  The less time spent sharpening pencils = more time sharpening our MINDS! 
578:::Do you have any 5th grade projects left in that shoebox under your bed? My students will.  \n\nMy students attend a rural school in the shadow of Silicon Valley. They learn best by doing and the book publication process is one of the most important projects of the year. We focus on project-based learning and my students publish various books throughout the year. These are the projects that they will remember when they are twenty five.  \n\nMy students construct (format, sew, glue, cut, paste), storyboard, write, revise, edit, illustrate and publish at least four books each school year. In order to do this, they need materials and equipment to make the process possible. We need a quality paper trimmer, hole punch, scissors, colored pencils, glue, etc. in order to create these awesome products.  \n\nLots of 5th grade students write novels. My students write, type, illustrate and construct their books from scratch. There's a lot of merit in the process and I'm not going to lie; it is challenging. That said, students will cherish this product for years to come. Maybe one of them will become the next Lois Lowry.  
579:::Do you remember the joys of Physical Education or Gym class? Imagine playing sports and activities in 99 degree Florida heat with no shade, water fountains, or air condition. My elementary students suffer through these harsh elements every day.  \n\nI teach Physical Education at Edison Elementary. It is a renaissance school in the inner city of Tampa, Florida. My school is in a impoverished area with over 95% of students qualifying for free or reduced lunch. However, they are very resilient and overcome many obstacles to be successful students. Our students score at the top when compared to other like schools. This shows that even though they may have many challenges, they do not let those challenges stand in their way to success.  \n\nI will use this cooling fan to help the students fight the intense Florida heat. While the sun is beating down on them, this fan will give relief during their activity time. They will be able to use this fan every day they come to my class. We start and end each class on the court with warm ups and cool downs. This will allow the use of the fan even if we have do activities on the field.  \n\nThis project will make a huge difference in my class. We all know the obesity rate and health in our country is not the best. When my students are comfortable, they will be more eager to learn health concepts and participate in activities. We are at a huge disadvantage without a covered court or gym. This fan will allow me to get my students to exercise hard during the extreme hot months in Florida.  
580:::Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him," says Maya Angelou, and I agree. It is my goal to instill a love of reading in each of my students. \n\nI have a wonderful group of highly motivated students that beg for "just a little more reading time" nearly each day. The pride that my kids take in their academics and reaching their goals is truly inspiring. Many choose to forgo recess to spend time in the library catching up with a good book.\n\nMy diverse group of learners always enjoy a great story, whether it is found in their reading text book, our class library, or read aloud to them in our daily read aloud. Literacy is a high priority at our school and we strive to ensure no student falls behind in meeting our state standards. With a school-wide reading program, Family Literacy Night, and a Book Buddies program, our staff works hard to make reading a fun and engaging experience. Because we are a Title I school, the only access many students have to books is found in the classroom. As a result, I desire to give my students an opportunity to "get lost" in as many books as possible. \n\nMy students will be able to use the Listening Center daily to help enhance their literature comprehension. Book sets, such as Because of Winn Dixie, correlate with our school's reading series, and will help my students complete a novel study. The Listening Center is a great tool for all readers, but especially those that have difficulty with comprehension. Often, students will spend much of their energy focusing on the words alone in a book that they have trouble making meaning of the story. By listening to the story as they follow along in the book, students will gain a better grasp of comprehending on-level texts. \n\nDonations to this project will improve reading comprehension in my classroom. Students will gain confidence in their reading abilities, and will be able to develop a lifelong love for literature. 
581:::How can a teacher have an effective lesson when there isn't paper available?  I guess there are many ways, but on a daily basis, it becomes overwhelming for the teacher and the students.  \n\nI teach a group of twenty-three first-grade students in one of the cities with the highest crime in the nation. All students at my school site receive a free lunch. 97% of my school's student population is Hispanic; most of them first generation. School is one of the only places in which my students interact with someone who speaks academic English. Living and attending school in a highly impoverished urban setting, my students are not exposed to many educational experiences outside of the classroom. Given this information, making my students' learning engaging and entertaining is highly important to keep them focused on their education. \n\nHaving copy paper available to make copies is highly necessary.  In past years, my site has had difficulty keeping a working Xerox machine.  Not this year, but this year paper is lacking.  I have gotten very creative and have students do much more writing, but there are some occasions on which a lesson would move much more smoothly if copy paper were available to provide students with copies. \n\nPlease allow me as a teacher and my students to have more effective lessons in which time is not wasted by having students copy things down.  We need paper so that I can xerox material and have it ready to use in our daily lessons. 
582:::Theater class is an amazing place to be.  Kids get to learn through play. \n\nStudents at our schools come from challenging backgrounds. We have 72% Free and Reduced Lunch and many of our kids struggle with extreme poverty. Our building was built in the early 60s and has not been updated since. The facilities are lacking many basic aspects of a functioning theater. Many theater students specifically come to the performing arts as an outlet, a way of escape. Our program provides opportunities for students to be featured on stage and gives them a new way to confidently approach all of the challenges in their life. \n\nThere is a projector in our classroom now but we project it on to a wall.  This makes is hard to see what is being projected and limits the configuration of the chairs in the space.  Having a screen will allow me to shift the seating arrangement and still allow all kids to view the screen. \n\nThe technology that a student interacts with during their educational career can be the difference between a positive experience and a negative one.  Having something a basic as a screen will remind students that they deserve excellence, and not just a make shift life. 
583:::A character's theme music is an important part of the character. We think of clarinets with "Tom and Jerry", saxophones with "The Simpsons", trumpets with warriors, and harps with angels. We're using "Carnival of The Animals" to help students identify instrument timbres, and need books! \n\nMy students attend a population 1,000 Title 1 school. Located in a crime-laden inner-city neighborhood, the demographic is mostly Latino, and includes a percentage of immigrants and refugees from all over the world. We have a very sizable ESL/ELD population, and the entire school receives free lunch. Myself and a co-teacher each see 500 students a week. \n\nBudget cuts and capital override failures over the years have sliced the music budget down to $200 annually, which goes to repairs and replacements of old and worn-out equipment. We have no PTO, so we are not allowed to hold traditional fundraisers. However, the new College and Career Readiness standards require us to include reading, writing, and math objectives in our music lessons.  This means that any extra materials or supplies have to either be paid for out of pocket, or be donated to us. \n\nHowever, the students love music, and are VERY enthusiastic about learning, listening, singing, dancing, and playing. We did a 2nd grade unit on classifying instruments using Camille Saint-Saen's classic piece, "The Carnival of the Animals", and the students really bought in to it! Through daily listening, they learned to identify various instruments, and associate the animals/characters with their respective movements in the song. \n\nThe students wrote short descriptions of the movements using musical jargon beneath pictures they either drew or colored, and listened to narration and poetry by Jack Prelutsky when I read aloud from his book. The illustrations are gorgeous and imaginative, and the verses are challenging, yet age-appropriate. However, since I only have one copy of the book, I must walk through the room while reading to show the pictures, and do not have time to write each of the verses on the board to give the students opportunity to do choral and Close reading. \n\nIf given a set of Prelutsky's books, students would be able to pair-share them, as they are big enough to be read while sitting on the floor. I would be able to give both written and oral assignments, and each students pair could choose which musical movement and character they would like to present to the class. This will not only give them a feeling of ownership, but also give them practice with public speaking, reading poetry, and dissecting text. 
584:::My classroom is a hands-on classroom where students discover how what they are learning relates to the real world. \n\nOn November 17, 2013, our town of 12,000 people was hit but a tornado that destroyed over 1000 homes.  I personally teach 11 students that completely lost their homes, and over 100 at our school lost their homes and are working at rebuilding their homes and their life.  Because of this, our school has lost funding and our science supply budget has been cut.  I am trying to do my part to keep giving my students the best possible lab experience, despite our science budget being cut. \n\nEvery year, our biology students ask the question: How healthy is our creek?  We then take over 200 freshmen biology students to our local creek and and sample the macroinvertebrates in the creek to answer this question.  It is an awesome site to see.  Students in groups of 4 get into the creek and using the D nets I am requesting, sample and record the macroinvertebrates (crayfish, mayfly larvae, crane fly larva, leeches).  From this, they determine how healthy our creek is and come up with conservation techniques to improve our creek's habitat.  The supplies that I have requested will help my students investigate ecosystems and learn about  interrelationships and the human impact on the ecosystem.\n\nIn addition, our physical lab science students are doing hands-on labs with alternative energy.  For this class, we need supplies to help students design, create, and improve solar panels and wind turbines to learn how energy is transferred, and how it can be conserved. \n\nThis project will allow students see things in nature they have never seen before.  Never before have students actually taken the time to see what lives on a stream bottom, and this lab lets them discover the life below. 
585:::When you are working with kids who have special needs, you know sometimes it takes technology to get them interested in completing assignments and reports!  My See it, Scan it, Write about it idea allows them to do just that and then report back to the class they have learned using new technology. \n\nMy students come from an inner city setting. All of my students are special education students. They have some form of audio or visual processing disorder. These disabilities make academics difficult for my students. I have an equal number of boys and girls. Most come from single family households, where the parent works more than two jobs to support the family. All of my students are on the free lunch program. My students are all from Latino backgrounds.\n \n\nAcademics can be very frustrating for students who have learning disabilities. They become angered, frustrated, restless and hopeless. With my See it, Scan it, Write about it idea, my students can learn to use technology that aides them in creating amazing reports and they feel they have a special advantage to teaching regular students this new technology. The magic wand scanner also allows my students to be more portable in their research gathering stages!  \n\nWith the purchase on a Magic Wand Scanner. I can introduce new technology that will guide my student to create better reports and get them excited about writing. The portable scanner will also decrease frustration and open up a whole new world of writing to students interests rather than just what the teacher wants you to write about. With the amount of students I have this year I will need to have more than one Magic Wand Scanner in my classroom.\n 
586:::Have you ever felt like there was so much to be done and no time to do it? My students feel the same way because they haven't yet developed the concept of internal time. \n\nI have 24 students from low socio-economic families. They all struggle with school work and our school is currently "failing" on the state report card. At this age they should be able to sit down and focus on a work until completion. However they are still struggling to learn the concept of time and time management. \n\nThese timers are extremely valuable in a classroom setting because they enable the students to have more control over their independent time. My students will be able to use a timer during their independent work time to help them understand how long they should spend working on a particular assignment. \n\nThese timers will enable me to be more focused on my instructional time with my students because I will not have to re-direct students who are not on task. They will also enable my kids to practice time management. 
587:::A typical day in my class involves thinking outside the box, encouraging creativity and expanding students' knowledge.  By the end of the year I'd like my students to gain more confidence speaking in front of people and taking creative risks. \n\nMy students are at a Title I school and most are on free or reduced lunch. Almost all are EL learners. Our school has high expectations for our kids and works hard to keep them motivated! Our students are down to earth and hard working. Please help us update our theater technology! \n\nI am requesting 1 transmitter for a wireless microphone. We will put these materials in action when we perform Alice in Wonderland this spring for our school and do an additional performance for 6th graders from various elementary feeder schools! This will allow my kids to give their best possible performance and have their voices heard. These materials will project their voices to speakers and allow them to be heard in the back of the MPR by the audience! The students will learn to use diction, pacing, tone and inflection to develop their characters in the wireless microphone.\n \n\nOur students have much less access to modern technology than kids at more affluent schools. A performing experience can help keep kids in school and inspire them to express themselves in a healthy way. 
588:::Plato said, "I would teach children music, physics, and philosophy; but most importantly music, for the patterns in music, and all the arts are the keys to learning." \n\nI do teach music to all of my K-6 grade students in a small community in the "North Country" of New Hampshire.  I have a group of special fifth graders who are creative, imaginative, caring, intelligent, and would like to give them each a chance to learn something that I know they will use in other areas of their lives.  They are community minded, and have participated in fundraisers for the animal rescue in our area.  They have also participated in a program called "Trees for Troops giving Christmas trees to members of the armed forces and their families.  I have members in the Girl and Boy Scouts and have seen them mentor younger students in our school with reading and with band instruments.  But not all of the students are able to afford instruments for band.  I want to give them all a chance to experience the joy of learning and sharing music that would be meaningful to them and still cost-effective. \n\nRight now, my students are learning about the guitar.  I have one personal guitar in my classroom, so they have each created guitar "necks" out of cut up folders and string to simulate and be able to practice where to put their fingers on a real guitar neck. Obviously, this is far from ideal, but I want to show them how they can use the resources they do have to figure out things for themselves.  They get to pick a song of their choosing and from what we've discussed about chords and chord charts they are finding out that they can do a lot!  It's just...a little flat.  If I could get a ukulele into the hands of each student, they would be able to really CREATE something with their knowledge.  We want our students to learn perseverance, problem solving, and independent learning.  Our mascot is an Eagle, so please help us soar through song! \n\nInstead of using a simulator to experience the brain exercise that any two-handed instrument implements, my students would be able to fully benefit from the unique teaching tool that music provides.  Reading fluency, space-time relationships, and working together are just the tip of the iceberg of what music can teach our future citizens. 
589::: When I ask my kids what they dream to have happen in their lives, I also ask them what they plan to do to achieve their dreams. We work together to develop the skills that they need to reach their goals for today, and fulfill their dreams for tomorrow.  \n\n I am the Librarian at an urban, K-5, elementary school with an Intensive Special Needs program. Between 80-85% of my children participate in the free/reduced lunch program. Our school maintains our own food pantry to assist our families. We have a school "closet" that we keep stocked with donations of shoes and clothing that we distribute on a regular basis. We also have a significant population of immigrant families who do not speak English in their homes. Despite the domestic challenges that our students face, we strive as a school community to support one another. \n The staff at my school work everyday to balance the physical and emotional needs of the students with the academic instruction.  We struggle to blend all of these areas in ways that provide maximum value to our children. The principles of Economics are addressed in Common Core Standards. But the lessons about money are an opportunity for our kids to gain life skills that they may not develop in their homes. \n\n The books that I have requested support the lessons on Economics that my district is developing to meet the Common Core Standards for education. Since Economics is a topic developed across multiple grades, the books reflect various reading levels. The materials will be housed in the school library so that they will be a readily accessible resource for the entire school. Some of these titles are fiction stories that will engage the students in learning the concepts in an entertaining manner. These kinds of stories help to make the topic seem less intimidating to the student. The non-fiction titles provide factual information related to various aspects of economics and finance. These books can be used for direct instruction and research, or as selected reading for the student who is interested in the topic. These materials will serve as a gateway for my students by providing access to the information that they need to become fiscally responsible citizens. \n\nMy students have followed many different paths to arrive at a table in my school library. Some of them will be with me throughout their full elementary school experience. Others of them are literally with me for a matter of weeks. It is my responsibility to support them the best that I can for however long they are with me. The materials that this project will provide are tools to develop in these children the skills that they will use to be successful in their life.  
590:::Tell it to the windows! Tell it to the walls! Tell it to the ceiling! Tell it to the floor!"  This simple chant is often used within our classroom to kickoff our phonics lessons or introduce a new phoneme (sound) and spelling pattern, as well as, keep young, curious minds focused and inspired. \n\nIt's amazing how a simple white board can enliven a lesson and bring joy to the minds of students, as well as the teacher. The teacher knows that the students are learning while having fun and engagement and understanding is at its highest when he/she can immediately check and correct work.  Using magnet boards within small groups, students can quickly provide and correct their answers without the use or waste of paper.  My students do their best work in an organized, structured environment. Everything must have a place, and every thing must be in its place, when its not in use.  Therefore, these magnet boards will help aid in the process of keeping things organized and lively within the classroom, because  when transition time from one activity to the next runs smoother, the students have more time for brain breaks and enrichment activities. \n\nClassroom materials are a daily struggle. Dry erase boards become dingy and beat up despite constant wiping and re-wiping. Erasers become misplaced, "walk away" , thrown away, or simply tattered from over use. Expo markers dry up and tips are smashed despite constant reminders of closing the caps and applying gentle pressure when writing. In an effort to make  classroom materials more accessible and in working condition,  I am asking for a class set of magnet slates to be used to make phonics lessons and small group times more interactive and promote student engagement. These boards will also allow me to  quickly check student understanding with stop and jot strategies for 100% engagement.  Creativity also plays a major factor within my classroom and students feel safer in an environment where they can express themselves. I am sure that my students will also use their creative juices to think of fun and interesting ways to incorporate these magnet slates in their everyday learning. \n\nI am constantly looking for ways to improve lessons and use of materials to help with the daily struggle. These magnet boards will not only be a time saver but a money saver for future students who will not have dry erase markers added to their supply list because they will have their very own magnet board to keep in their desks! 
591:::Every morning we start our classroom day off with checking in with our feelings. I read my students a story to set the tone and preview our day. We sing, dance, and set our goals. \n\nMy students are sweet and want to learn. They love school because no one reads to them at home. Every day at least one kid slips and calls me Mama. I couldn't be more humbled. The kids at my school are very poor. They often come to school unkempt and hungry or with clothes that don't fit. But, they come with a smile. \n\nOur school is a Title I school in a gang-ridden neighborhood. If I can show these kids that literacy and an education is their way out, then I will have done my job as an educator. Most of our students receive free lunch and we also have several homeless students. \n\nI have requested fiction and non-fiction books, book bins, six headphones to listen to stories, and pocket chart activities. I plan to make my classroom look like the children's section in a Barnes and Nobles bookstore. I want it to be inviting and engaging for the kids with stuffed animals, comfy chairs, a giant tree and tons of books. We will use these resources to learn to read. The kids will also be able to check out book bags to take home, since they don't go to their local library.  \n\nI can't even imagine how happy my students will be once they enter their new literacy cafe classroom. I am sure that they will be happy with all of the new books and activities they can do during workstation time. They will want to read! 
592:::My classroom is very diverse from struggling academically to high achieving gifted students.  However, the students have become a true community that works together, respects and celebrates each individual.  I am so proud to be their teacher! \n\nOur school is a first year public charter and we have experienced many hurdles on the road to a successful year.  Our location and start date changed several times prior to the first day of school. We started the year with no textbooks or any type of technology.  We didn't even have desks!  We made it work somehow and our students are thriving.  We probably have many more obstacles to overcome, but the parents, teachers, administrators, and especially the students are making it happen.  Our students are so excited to learn and grow, it makes our work as teachers so much fun! \n\nOne of the activities my students have truly enjoyed this year is our novel studies.  We have completed two novels in our Literature Circle this school year and hope to read one more.  My students need 50 copies of Esperanza Rising, Teacher Guides for Esperanza Rising, and CD recordings of Esperanza Rising, and writing skill support materials.\nWith the help of Donor's Choose we hope that we will have 50 copies of Esperanza Rising to use year after year along with the novel guides for this book and writing support books to enrich our study of this novel and other literature that we read.  \n\nMy students love to read, but they are especially excited when we share a book together and have lively discussions and writing projects based on the book. They also have become very good writers this year and the additional writing strategies books through this donation will be used to improve this skill even further.  I hope to encourage their love of reading and help them to develop a greater understanding of the books they read. \n\nThis project will make a difference in the lives of my students because they are developing a true love for books and the excitement the stories bring with them.  It will offer students the ability to learn and grow together as we read Esperanza Rising in our Literature Circle, explore the characters, setting, and plot, and develop a deeper understanding of literature and how it relates to our world.  The project will also further develop their ability to respond to literature in their writing. 
593:::A typical day in our STEM class involves intensive reading, writing, math, technology, and science.  Our favorite topics are animals, plants, and kids!  We love to observe and create projects using investigating and research. \n\nOur class is multicultural and students come from all different socioeconomic statuses.  The are eager to come to school each day and learn.  For many of our students, our school provides a safe learning environment and opportunities to learn things they never imagined were part of our world. \n\nOne of our main themes in our class is "Our Backyard."  We collect and observe plants and animals in our school yard.  Having microscopes and jumbo viewers will help the students really observe things closely.  They will be able to classify plants and animals according to their distinct features. They will also be able to describe  and compare plants and animals.  Having the extra slides will give them opportunity to identify other specimens not found in our backyard. \n\nAs a STEM school, we are constantly observing and describing the things we are learning about.   Having microscopes and magnifiers will help us to observe the very things we are studying - up close and personal, as our class does not have these items.  This will also help us to meet common core standards for science.  As our world continues to lean towards STEM education and jobs, this will help provide our students with the experiences they need to be successful in our ever changing world. 
594:::Celebrating success in school seems to only happen on an athletic field, or for the students that excel beyond their peers and are awarded with a distinguished scholarship. All students should be able to celebrate achievements no matter how small. \n\nMy students are high school students but still children that need attention and praise. Students are constantly seeking attention and I would like to give them a place to display their positive accomplishments instead of stuffing them in a folder. My students need a place to "brag" and display what are THEIR successes. \n\nMy students will be able to create a "brag" board with the requested materials. They will be able to display any assignment that marked a milestone or achievement for them. I would like to make some type of weekly "ceremony" to honor the students that have made accomplishments in my class. \n\nWe often chastise or pick on what students "can't do" or "do wrong". I want the students to see that any and all achievements are important. That no matter how "insignificant" their work may seem, it is something to celebrate. 
595:::At Kensington Woods High School, our art department is huge! Every student at our school takes at least one art class during their time with us, which definitely has put a technology strain on the two labs in our school. We now have iPad Minis in the art room to create with, now we need to draw! \n\nKensington Woods High School is a small, college prep, charter school in Michigan with a large art department. Our students come from all backgrounds of art and most end up taking multiple art classes. In quite a few cases, our students do not have access to the technology that is being used out in the real world in their own homes. We are doing our best to be able to give our students access to the technology that they would use if they wanted to move beyond high school with their art skills. \n\nIn the past year, we have received the funding for 14 iPad Minis in our department, between grants, donation, and DonorsChoose! This has been a great asset to the school by not only relieving some of the load on the labs, but also giving the students the opportunity to try different types of art that they may not have previously had access to (animation, video, digital drawing, photography, and more).\nOne thing that we noticed pretty quickly was that the styluses that are usually sold with iPads are very cheap, fall apart quickly, and do not have a fine point. Drawing without a fine point is very difficult! My students really want to be able to practice digital drawing without being put at a disadvantage, and the Jot Pro seems to be the perfect solution. This stylus has a fine point, yet still works on the iPad Minis. I've asked for one for each iPad(14) that I have, to make it so we have a complete set and so that every student can practice drawing at the same time. \n\nThis will definitely help my students who love drawing! At this point in my school, we have very little funding for additional technology. Just having the right tools for the students makes it so that we can do multiple projects right from our technology, without having to spend much more additionally! 
596:::Learning shapes, numbers, and counting is a challenge for many of my students. Learning becomes fun for my kids when it is presented with a game and fun colors. All of these items will encourage my students to learn their shapes, numbers, and counting with a positive attitude and excitement! \n\nMy students are so fun, loving, and excited to be in the classroom each and every day. Every student in my room is identified with developmental delays that have had a moderate to severe impact on their learning abilities. The classroom experience is so important for their academic learning and social experiences in life. A full and creative early childhood classroom experience can really make the difference in these children's lives, and that is what I am hoping to provide as their classroom teacher.  \n\nMy students will be using these materials everyday. Each day, the students get to work in small groups with a teacher for center time. During these centers we try to focus on mathematics and other important academic, physical, and social skills. When the students are not in small groups, we are either working in large groups or with a one to one ratio. These math items will serve great purpose in every scenario in our classroom. The students will be able to have physical contact with the manipulative and this will greatly increase their ability. We have been working hard all year to learn out shapes, numbers, and counting. All of these items will aid our students in that process.  \n\nThe foundations of learning are so important in our school system. Students begin to learn from the day they are born and never stop! Our students are learning their foundational math skills so they can one day grow to be mathematicians, engineers, or teachers in the future!  
597:::Kindergarten is where most children begin reading. My biggest goal is for each student to enjoy reading. I believe having a listening center can do just that! The ability to read can set a child free. Being able to enjoy a good book is something every person needs to experience!  \n\nMy kindergarten students are wonderful! They have adapted to my classroom and teaching style very well. Each one works hard and is respectful. My students are positive and very respectful towards each other. They are definitely mature for being kindergarteners, but they still know how to have fun! \n\nMy school is one of a kind. The staff is absolutely wonderful. It is a happy place to be and everyone enjoys working together!  \n\nMy students need a CD & Dual Cassette Player.  During reading I set up literacy centers. Each week I try to add new centers so that my students stay engaged and enjoy reading or writing. I would set up a listening center for my students and they would listen to stories at their reading level and follow along with the reader. After they finish listening to the story they would complete a project or task related to the story. For example, if the story is about a snowflake they could create a snowflake and write how it is connected to the story.  \n\nThis is my first year teaching and having this listening center would be very appreciated. I know how it feels to not have many resources available when teaching. My students would greatly appreciate this listening center as well. It could change the way students look at reading a book and really grab their attention. It can boost my students motivation level  and push them to keep trying their best in school. This donation can make an endless list of positive possible outcomes  for my students. 
598:::The surgeons of tomorrow are the gamers of today." It seems like an odd quote at first, but it's true. These days more and more surgeons are putting down their scalpels in favor of robots. This is why our school, best known for its medical pathway, started a robotics club. \n\nPoverty is reality for the students at our school.  Our school is located within sight of the US/Mexico border.  More than 90% of students receive free lunch from the school and the majority of parents did not graduate from high school, let alone attend college.\n\nBut unlike many, my students use these challenges in their lives as motivation to achieve their dreams rather than an excuse to fail.  They make the most of every opportunity and work hard to make their goals of careers in medicine and/or other STEM fields into realities. \n\nThis year in robotics, my students competed in a VEX robotics league, and built SeaPerch submersible robots. These opportunities awakened a creative genius in all of my students. They began thinking of all the ways that robotics could be applied to improve the world around them. They began modifying designs, and soon the store-bought parts available to them were not enough. They wanted to design their own parts.\n\nThey are now learning how to use Computer Assisted Design (CAD) from an engineering student at a local college. Using CAD, they are no longer limited to parts that currently exist. They can design any part they might need, but of course these new parts only exist in their imaginations and computer files.\n\nWe need 1 MakerBot 3D printer so that the students can print their CAD designs to make actual working parts. This will allow them to take the next step in their creative journey. They can see how the parts that they designed work in reality and make necessary adjustments. \n\nMy students are looking for a way out of poverty, and for many of them a career in the STEM fields is the ticket they are looking for.  A 3D printer will allow them to actually make and test the parts that they are designing.  In the process they will gain experience and critical thinking skills that they will take with them to college and eventually the workforce. By helping my students you will be helping future engineers, surgeons, and other STEM professionals. 
599:::Tell me and I forget.  Teach me and I may remember.  Involve me and I learn."\n\nBenjamin Franklin's famous words inspire my work.  My third graders learn best when they are actively engaged in lessons.  I constantly strive to meet my students' diverse learning styles, needs, and interests. \n\nI am the proud teacher of an energetic crew of twenty-six third graders at a public elementary school in Colorado.  Most of our students are on free or reduced lunch.  Over half of my students are English Language Leaners.  However, these labels do not define my students.  My third graders are an incredibly special bunch of eight and nine year olds.  I have never worked with a group of kids so invested in their learning!  They show so much excitement when we learn new skills or discover new strategies.  They are just beginning to understand the important role that their education will play in their future.  My students have overwhelmingly expressed interest in STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) careers. \n\nAlthough my third graders LOVE math, it is challenging for many of them.  The math curriculum we use is rigorous, but sometimes feels too abstract for my ELLs and most struggling students.  My goal is to provide my students with differentiated math stations to enable them to regularly practice the skills they most need to advance.  To kick off math stations in our classroom, we need a variety of organizational materials and math manipulatives.  We need small and large plastic bins with lids to store, protect, and make station materials easily accessible to students.  We also need write and wipe pouches so we can save our limited paper supply and reuse practice pages and recording sheets for math games.  We are also requesting telling time puzzles.  In the modern age of digital watches, clocks, and cellphones, my students really struggle using analog clocks.  These puzzles will be critical to helping them develop this important skill! \n\nThe materials we are requesting are all hands-on, engaging, and durable enough to last many more years of classroom use.  These organizational materials and manipulatives are essential for setting up successful math stations in our classroom!  By supporting our project, you can help both my current and future mathematicians develop fact fluency, problem solving skills, and a greater sense of success in mathematics. 
600:::My students arrive at 7am and don't leave until 5pm because they CHOOSE to stay for after-school tutoring to continue growing towards their goals and experiencing success! \n\nMy students are seventh and eighth graders with special needs ranging from Autism, emotional handicaps, cognitive impairments to ADHD. Our school is a science, technology, engineering and mathematics magnet effectively serving students who live in high poverty households. Ninety percent of our students receive free or reduced lunch. Through innovative programs, we are showing some of the most rapid growth in the state as measured by standardized test score improvement. \n\nMy students have already had a long day before they begin after-school tutoring. They need a "pick me up" for their mind, body, and attitude. They need healthy snacks (and a few small sweet treats) to reboot between school and tutoring. They need water to stay hydrated and operating on all cylinders!   \n\nMy students are choosing to put in extra work at school to work towards their goals. They need and deserve a snack to refuel and recharge. Having snacks and drinks will help them get even more rewards from their time investment at tutoring!  
601:::I want my students to have a solid foundation of math skills when they leave my classroom in May.  Our biggest challenge is staying engaged and on task. \n\nI have a classroom full of 20 active 2nd graders.  They are eager to learn, but have difficulty staying focused.  I also have 5 inclusion students during math time which adds to the wide range of abilities in my class.  My class size is larger due to the inclusion students and this also creates more distractions. 2nd graders are still very concrete learners and need repetitive, hands-on learning and practice to fully internalize many of the abstract skills needed to be successful in math.  \n\nI am moving toward a "Guided Math" approach for this particular group of students.  Because of their difficulty staying focused, whole group instruction and independent work are not currently working well for them.  Using the Guided Math approach, students will have a short mini-lesson to introduce the topic or skill and then they will rotate through a series of stations.  One station will be re-teaching, reinforcing, or enrichment of the new skill with me, another station will be independent practice (paper/pencil), another station will be practicing fact fluency using an on-line computer program and flash cards, and the last station will be games that help students reinforce previous or new skills.  The students will rotate in a small group (5-6 students) to each station every day.  My goal with asking for the games, flashcards, and hot dots pens, is for my students to have hands-on, engaging, and independent practice with the skills, while also allowing me to meet with small groups. \n\nMy hope is that by changing my teaching methods and having the materials to enable me to do so, will increase my students' knowledge and understanding of math.  Using the "Guided Math" approach, I will be able to reach my students in a small group setting with less distractions and the games and flashcards will offer a wide range of abilities and needs.  I want my students to leave 2nd grade with a strong foundation in math that will ensure them success in future grades. 
602:::Help my students learn to use new technology! Technology is very important in today's society. My students need to experience what it is like out there in an ever-changing world and these ipads will help them do this.  \n\nMy students are a great bunch of 1st graders that deserve the very best, although they may not have been given all the best opportunities. They live in a part of Louisiana which has a high poverty rate and many students are in need. They are truly wonderful students! My students need two iPad Minis, cases, and headphones to learn more about technology in this ever-evolving world.\n\nMy students will be able to discover what the world has to offer by using these iPads. There are endless possibilities in what they can be used for in a classroom. I plan to use them to help teach literacy. From taking quizzes using Accelerated Reader, practicing comprehension, to reading audio books in a listening center, students will be amazed at how much can be done with technology these days. The kids will want to learn and that is half the battle. \n\nImagine a classroom with no technology. I can. I also know that when I was in school, technology in the world was not where it is today. My students live in a world where technology is everywhere and these iPads will immerse them in it. Students today need to experience all that they can before they become adults and are expected to know these things. I am here to make sure that my students leave me ready for the next step in their lives and I believe these iPads will help me do that. 
603:::Our classroom is a fun and inviting room in our school!  We love school and enjoy learning in many new ways! The students need to be aware of the technology they have available to them! \n\nWe are a small school in Missouri and we have fun daily.  We are fortunate to have some technology in our classroom however we would be able to keep our students up to date on the skills they need for a tablet if we had an iPad in our classroom to use daily!  The wonderful school we have needs to stay on top of the technology! \n\nThe students in my classroom work hard daily to meet the goals.  We repeat and review skills in reading and math all day everyday and if we had an i pad with reading and math apps it would be a great way to enhance and practice the skills we already know!  Students are expected to know and understand technology in the world today, therefore we need to practice with those skills at school! \n\nThe students in my classroom are eager to learn on a daily basis and if we had technology in our classroom to practice these skills daily it would enhance their learning!  Math facts and reading skills are an awesome way to practice the knowledge they have already learned.  There are some awesome apps to practice and review those skills. 
604:::My students are ready to learn about the world outside the classroom. \n\nMy students are motivated learners who are curious about the world.   Many of them are becoming fluent readers who are now ready to read to learn!  Most of my students are learning English as a second language and all of them live in a high-poverty economically depressed area. \n\nStudents will use the thematic non-fiction books to do research projects on animals.  Projects like this allow for the integration of three very important subjects: reading, writing, and science!  Integrating these subjects makes learning relevant and fun! \n\nThis project will improve the education of my students by teaching them the important skill of researching a topic.  It will also allow them to use multiple sources to conduct their research. 
605:::For many of us, one of our best memories of life Science was when we got to do dissections. Help my students have the opportunity to dissect a pig and use it to get a look at how the body systems really look!\n \n\nOur school is a turn-around school which means both the staff and students are working really hard this year to change the culture and the academic trajectory of the school. In the past, many have not given these students a chance to show how responsible they can be, but we have worked hard to prove that they deserve the right to be trusted with a scalpel to cut open a pig and see what is inside! My 7th grade life science students have been working hard to learn about the different organs and organ systems in their bodies, but looking at pictures and drawings is nothing compared to actually being able to see where everything is located and how they work together.\n\nYour donation will help to purchase 12 fetal pigs which will allow 60 7th grade Life Science students to do their first dissection ever! Not only will you give them the chance to see actual organs, but you will be showing them that their hard work throughout the year so far in changing the reputation of our school.  \n\nMy students will be using the materials for their upcoming pig dissection in which they will be working in groups of four to learn about the internal structures and functions of pigs. This exciting project will take place at the end of our human body unit, and would provide a once and a lifetime opportunity for my students.   \n\nEvery Friday my students participate in "Future Friday," a classroom Bellringer activity, where we learn about the different possibilities in colleges and careers.  Many of my students have indicated their interest in the medical field, and this would set them a part as they approach high school and seek this goal.  This will also give them a science lab opportunity that is unparalleled.   
606:::Imagine 2nd graders visiting Saturn's moons, sailing down the Nile with King Tut,  reading their favorite story and learning new math concepts.  Technology is a powerful took for teaching 2nd graders and I want to bring an iPad into my 2nd grade classroom to extend learning in a more dynamic way. \n\nMy 2nd graders attend a Title 1 elementary school in Brooklyn's East New York community.  They are a mix of different cultures, learning styles and personalities, but all work together to learn and achieve.  All of my students are General Education but many, however, are performing at the lowest level for 2nd grade and technology can provide an additional pathway for differentiated learning.  iPads allow students to learn in different ways and ultimately, gain the content in the four major content areas to move successfully up to the next grade level. \n\nThe iPad will support individual, small group and whole group learning.  I will set up a Math and Literacy Learning Center where individual students and small groups of students can use the iPad for research, review and extend learning activities.  I will use the iPad for whole group instruction on the SMARTBoard thanks to the extension USB extension cable.  Speakers will be connected to the iPad for sound and students will be able to use the myriad of educational math, literacy, social studies and science apps. \n\nThis iPad will make a difference to my students because it will open their eyes to new and exciting things in our universe, world, state and community.  My 2nd graders deserve a tool which will help them learn and achieve in their daily endeavors to understand so many concepts and ideas.  Your support of this technology project will make a huge difference to my children and to me!  Thank you for caring! 
607:::There exists in America a gap, widening gap between inner-city and rural education. The trend across the United States is consistent: urban youth do not achieve as much in school as kids in rural or suburban areas. But why does that gap exist? Could a lack of technology be the blame for it? \n\nMany of my students do not have access to any technology other than what they see in school, and in the public library. I would love to give them the opportunity to explore modern technology, and the benefits that it has to offer them, so they can enter into society on a level field!\n\nI am the educator of lower income, inner city students. These students, like all children, have a thirst for learning, and are capable of doing big things. Unfortunately they come to me ill prepared and underexposed. This is due to a GAP and disparity in the experiences, and exposure. The children want to be better, but they sometimes start out behind, and the possibility of them catching up seem dismal to most....Well not to me! I attempt to expose them to as much as I can in the time that I am with them. Where there is a will, there is a way and I intend for ALL of my students to be successful! \n\nPicture students using tablets in a science class studying local rainfall and flooding patterns while collecting information from the Internet provided by weather stations. In social studies class, students are discussing Native American history with an expert on the East Coast via satellite feeds. During grammar/writing, students are participating in a phonics lesson led by an instructor in a school hundreds of miles away. All of this and much more is possible through the use of technology! I may not be able to take my students to the "actual experience". However, I can definitely bring the experience to them.\n\nI LOVE the idea of my students having Kindle Fires because they can:\n\n1. Access the Internet for a research tools.\n2. Access Kindle and Nook apps, so we can have accessible \n    eReaders for small group instruction.\n3. Access math activities, and games to practice and further  \n    enforce math skills.\n\nIt's no secret ... technology has the power to teach, motivate, captivate and transform! \n\nYou have the chance to make a HUGE difference in the lives of children. These children are thirsty for exposure and experiences. I implore you to be the change in these children's lives. Please take this opportunity to add to the education of children who are often otherwise forgotten and overlooked.\n\n"We Make a Living by What We Get. We make a Life by What we Give."- Winston Churchill\n 
608:::We live in a technology driven world and the sooner our students get a chance to explore and experience with various types of technology, the better off they'll be. \n\nI have the honor of teaching 20 brilliant first graders. Each day is an adventure in our classroom. They are always exploring and figuring out new ways to solve problems. Our school is at the center of a highly diversified community, where the students have strong ties to their family, heritage, and culture. It is more than just an elementary school, it is a place that nurtures and embraces the true meaning of community. \n\nBringing iPads into the classroom will help my students become familiar with technology. They will learn how the internet can be used as an educational tool, rather than just an entertaining toy. For instance, during Worm Week my students can use the iPads to look up information on how worms benefit our soil, help the environment, and their important roll in biology. All of this information becomes available to them when you place an iPad in their hand. \n\nDonating to this project will not only improve my students understanding about technology, it will transform the way they learn.  Their questions will become conversations about where to find answers, rather than unsolvable problems. 
609:::Wonder and awe are two of the things that at times can be lost amidst the chaos of testing in our schools.  My students are yearning for the opportunities to create.  A 3D printer would be a wonderful tool to assist them with creating projects and to expose them to new technology. \n\nMy students come from the inner city and are not given many opportunities to venture far from home.  The entire school receives free breakfast and lunch and emotional nurturing from our staff.  Our teachers work together to help provide new possibilities for learning for our students.  We strive to find new ways to inspire our students to reach for the stars and fulfill our school mission of "Yes We Can!" \n\nMy students will use the 3D printer to practice 21st century skills.  This will enable them to become proficient STEM learners and will help them obtain the skills and knowledge base that will help them succeed further in their educational and professional careers.  My hope is that they will use this printer to design and build prototypes of inventions, models for projects and anything their imagination can design! \n\nAn item such as a 3D printer is not within our range of financial possibilities at our school.  Your donation will help my students to develop necessary technology skills to succeed in the future.  Please help to bring this amazing and innovative technology to our school library so that all our students may utilize its seemingly limitless potential and let their imaginations take flight! 
610:::Help my scholars soar to reading and math success! \n\nI teach 25 bright and beautiful girls in a high need area of New York City. Most of my students receive free or reduced lunch and are so eager to learn every day.\n\nNext year, I will be moving to third grade and I would like to build an engaging and grade appropriate library for my new group of students.\nUnfortunately, my current classroom library does not meet the needs of my very excited bookworms. I can often be found at the public library three or four nights a week, checking out extra books for my students. A leveled library is especially important for growing readers because they need to read just right books at their level. My students will enjoy leveled readers that not only will engage them, but will also be at their appropriate reading level, which is crucial for reading success. \n\nWith this donation, my students will be ensured best practices for reading instruction and will be well on their way to reading success! I am also requesting math and reading workbooks that my scholars can use for homework and independent work in the classroom. These materials will help my students build the necessary skills that they need to be successful on the state tests. \n\nYou will not only be helping my students this year, but for all the years and readers to come. This collection of books will become a treasured part of our classroom library. Thank you so much for your support! It is greatly appreciated! 
611:::Do you remember the first time you read a book with your friends in school? \n\nI teach Pre-Kindergarten to eighteen wonderful children in the New York City Area. Many of these children come from low income families and do not have the supplies they need at home to help enhance their skills when they are not at school. We have a great school but due to budget cuts we can not buy new books this year.\n\n\n\n \n\nMy children need books on different themes that we are studying. We love to do the The Mitten, by Jan Bret in February. We have many versions and would like to add to our library. The children have made a list of books that they would like for the new year. I told them I would buy a few, and the rest I would try to get donated. The children will be able to work in small groups and practice reading and retelling different stories. These books will help children enhance their reading skills. \n\nBy the end of the school year, I want my children to be ready for kindergarten. You can help me achieve this goal by helping my class get child friendly books. You will make it possible for my children to have new and interesting books. My class loves to read, but we need a bigger class library. Thank you for taking the time to read my proposal. 
612:::I am a first year teacher and I want students to remember that I created this library specifically for them. We do not have a library in our school. I want the odds to be ever in their favor and if they can read well then they will beat every challenge they face. Education is their Strength. \n\nMy students come to school ready to learn but we do not always have the resources needed. They love to learn. My school is a small school so we do not have a library so I am creating one in my classroom for my students. They love to read and learn about different ideology. I teach 7th and 8th graders so they needed reading to help continue building a foundation to lead them into a great high school education. They are mostly African-American and I want them to learn to love to read so that when they enter College that reading is second nature to them. I have a high level and low level classroom so I am trying to teach both classes that reading is a great way to escape into a new world. I teach them that reading is a new adventure in every book.  \n\nI have asked for these resources so that my students will have a library and I would like to continue to build on this library. I like for students to read all kinds of books. Catching Fire will be a book that they will read together and share what they have learned with each other. I will use this book like a book club reading. They will learn while they read without even knowing they are learning from one another. I would like to eventually show them the movie. They have read Hunger Games and I thought it was only fitting to read the next part of the trilogy. This is a part of Common Core and will help them tremendously with their academics. \n\nThis donation will help students that are unable to get to the library have a library available to them. This will ultimately improve our classroom because books will be at their fingertips. I know that it will help students that are also unable to afford their book. I know they will be happy to see the books in their classroom and when they are able to check them out and start reading them will be a great start to an adventure. 
613:::I am a first year teacher in a special education classroom with no dry erase board or chalk board. I need a place to present information to my students. \n\nI have ten students in my moderate special education classroom.  Six of these students are on the Autism Spectrum, five are nonverbal, and three are not toilet trained.  Eight of my students receive free lunch from the school, which is also a Title One school. \n\nWhen teaching, I don't have much to write on and model the skills I am teaching.  I have a small dry erase board tacked to the wall and that is proving to be ineffective for the instruction I am providing.  Many of my students need the information in a visual format in order to understand the content.\n\nThis easel will give me the space to model writing to my students and present important information.  This will allow the students to access the information visually, as well as auditory. 
614:::Have you learned to play an instrument? It's an activity that takes a lot of time at home, by yourself.  In order to be successful as a musician, it requires dedication to practicing your craft.  My middle school students don't like to practice because it's "boring" and "lonely". \n\nWith this new computer software, Smart Music, my students can feel as if they are rehearsing with an entire band even when they are at home by themselves.  I teach middle school students and we participate in two competitions every year; state and regional.  There is a need for my students to go home and practice their parts individually in order to be successful as a group.  With this program, my students have already improved by leaps and bounds.  I have one Smart Music station in my classroom where students can practice during lunch and after school if they aren't able to do so at home.  This second computer will allow for another Smart Music station to be created in another classroom. \n\nThe software works very simply, but we need another laptop to use it on.  Students search for the piece of music we are rehearsing, identify the instrument they are playing, and their sheet music appears on the screen.  Once they begin their "take"  the computer counts them off to start and then has a green cursor lead them through their part as they hear an entire band playing with them. It's really incredible.  The program records them performing with the imaginary band and even gives an assessment when they are done.  It provides percentage of correct notes that were performed for students to see how well they did.  It's like having a teacher right there with you telling you what needs to be worked on, but we all know, a real teacher can never be replaced by a computer.  I told my students that I wish this program was around when I was learning my instrument because it was lonely down in my basement, and cold! This station will allow another student to rehearse during school hours and even in our after school session. \n\nPlease consider donating to this laptop.  It will bring an amazing resource to my students and will encourage them to practice more.  I am always looking for more ways to encourage students to practice and this seems to bring the most success.  Thank you! 
615:::Reading leads to success! Help us dive into literacy stations where our reading abilities can grow! Every day our students will be participating in literacy stations and these materials can help us achieve mastery in reading! \n\nI have a wonderful group of first graders this year! They are growing daily in reading because they are eager and willing to learn. Every time they have a free moment they want to read! These materials will help them continue practicing reading in literacy stations. Our school is over 90% free/reduced lunch and many students come from struggling families, but this does not effect their drive to learn! I have seen too many students never become successful in reading and later on in their elementary career they loose their love of learning. I don't want this to happen to my students. Help me create amazing readers to preserve their love of learning! \n\nThese materials will be used daily in literacy station! My students have a wide range of reading abilities and through stations and small group teaching I can target each students specific needs. These materials will be used daily in literacy stations. The sight word stamping kit will be an excellent tool to reinforce sight words which is very important in young readers. The dry erase markers can be used in small groups for quick checks and in literacy stations to practice making new words. My students are mesmerized by the computer and this blend and digraph game will  help reinforce those skills we are practicing in small group. All of these resources will help preserve my students love of learning by developing amazing readers and writer!  \n\nWith the use of these materials my students will become better readers! They will be exposed to words and literature in a variety of ways, and their love of reading can grow! We will use these materials daily and in a variety of ways. This constant exposure will help their abilities grow and make them better learners and readers! Thank you for supporting my students academic future.  
616:::Our students are on the autistic spectrum with various sensory delays.  They have trouble processing all the sensory information coming in from their surroundings. This impacts how they learn, interact in social settings, or cope with daily internal or external stresses. \n\nOur students may feel anxious and they are highly sensitive to smells and lights, as well as other external stimuli. Many times they have difficulty sitting during a group lesson or during one to one teaching time as well as  during independent work. \n\nOur classroom is in need of a sensory makeover. A dream chair can be used to provide a child with a calming place to reduce excessive sensory input. The feel and touch book can give them a way to experience various tactile surfaces. The chewy necklace can give our students a more appropriate way to deal with their oral motor challenges. The weighted toy will provide a much needed way for reducing fidgeting and self stimulatory behavior. This can all be used to develop a sensory corner. \n\nYour donations will help to create a place for our students to go when they are feeling anxious and over stimulated. By helping us create a sensory corner in our classroom, you are helping us address our students' various needs so they can function to their full potential. 
617:::My students are very curious children and want to learn more about science and social studies.  They enjoy the topics we discuss in class and love when I read aloud nonfiction books related to what we are learning.  Now they want more nonfiction books and activities at their levels. \n\nDo you know the character Curious George?  Well, let's just say I have  a Curious Class that can't seem to get enough of nonfiction books.  They really enjoy reading nonfiction independently and being able to discuss what they have learned on their own.  Only one problem...we need more nonfiction leveled books, books for me to use for whole group instruction, write and wipe graphic organizers to show what we have learned, and comprehension worksheets as follow up activities. \n\nI would love to develop a nonfiction library for my students.  I want them to be able to choose books that interest them at their independent reading levels.  Before they begin independently reading I will be able to use the read aloud books to teach and model reading comprehension skills.  We will then be able to use the magnetic graphic organizers to show what we have learned.  Once the students have had practice using the graphic organizers I will be able to provide them with their own to use when they are independently reading the nonfiction books.  After the students have successfully read and analyzed their books they will show they understand how to read nonfiction books using the comprehension worksheets. \n\nI want my students to be able to explore science and social studies topics to help broaden their education.  Dr.Seuss said it best:\n "The more you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go."  - Dr. Seuss, "I Can Read With My Eyes Shut!"  As first graders there is so much for them to learn and experience through reading, especially nonfiction.  They will be more knowledgeable about the world around them. 
618:::Have you ever wondered what goes on in a classroom on a rainy day? That's right, the kids still need to move around and burn some calories. Well, in my class we dance to child friendly songs or simply just play quiet games. But if there's no rain, we like to move around! \n\nMy students are smart, driven, and very verbal. All my students are English Learners with low economic means. Most of them do not have a computer or other technology at home. They are exposed to violence and socioeconomic limitations, like lack of food, that others take for granted. Our school provides a safe environment away from gangs and other socioeconomic limitations. In my classroom, they get to dream, the sky is the limit. They've planned future traveling plans, designed their dream homes, and have become celebrated community heroes.\n\nThe classroom is a safe haven where dreaming high is encouraged. Nothing is impossible when they dream, write, and share their future plans. They would thrive as enthusiastic learners if they are provided with the memories that will last a lifetime. They are enthusiastic learners because they are provided with the hands-on experiences and activities that at home are simply unattainable. \n\nIn today's classroom, teachers require so much from their students in Language Arts, Math, and Science. However, physical fitness, art, & health; though they are part of a well planned curriculum, they take a back seat. It's not until our students reach 5th grade that we see the need for physical fitness. Fifth Graders are required to take a physical exam. By then most of the students that are overweight could have benefited from direct instruction in health & nutrition. Teachers make the most impact when the students are in the lower grades. They are like little sponges that learn & do what is asked of them. This is the reason I have requested materials that will instruct my students directly in nutrition, physical fitness, and healthy habits. In order to have more active students, I will like to have resources like  American Educational Catch and Balance Band Set, Champion Sports 5 1/2" Dia Swing Ball Set Assorted, Juggling Scarves, & Rainbow Bean Bags. We can use these in class too. \n\nI need your generosity to help me teach healthy habits in my classroom. I have high expectations, I know that my students can one day be a big asset to our country. In order to contribute to our society, we need to guide their path from an early age. If they have healthy brains and body, then gasping new concepts in any subject matter is much easier. They can learn to be more active, be healthy, and at the same time benefit themselves by being well rounded students in all academic subjects. 
619:::No matter how busy you may think you are, you must find time for reading..." -Confucius.\n\nHow true this is! Being a great reader is beneficial to every aspect of a child's education. There is no doubt that my students will now have the TIME to read with the addition of these personal timers! \n\nMy boys and girls are a group of spirited and vivacious young learners! There is a wide range of ability and learning styles in my classroom, and it is my job to reach every child! Our school as a whole, is a school that is high in poverty. This year in particular, I find that I have families that are more so than I have seen in the past, financially challenged. I find that I am supplying more classroom materials and supplies myself, and that I am sending our classroom books home with children each night to ensure that children have books to read. Regardless of these challenges, it still does not change the fact that this is a group of 20 beautiful children who can not change their circumstances, but need every opportunity they can get to become the best person they can be. \n\nWith the new Common Core State Standards, what the students are now expected to be able to read and do is harder than ever. With some students entering my third grade classroom this year reading at a first grade level, I have some HUGE gaps to close to ready these children for the ELA state test in April, as well as being prepared for fourth grade. The most beneficial thing these children can do to become better readers is to READ! If each child has a personal timer, they can track their independent reading each day. Students will read independently for a minimum of 20 minutes each day. The responsibility and sense of freedom of keeping track of this with their own timers, will make it more fun for the children- a game. Some students are constantly in and out of the classroom, leaving for various interventions. If each child knows they have to read at least their 20 minutes each day, they can track it when they have the time, before moving on to another reading or writing activity. \n\nYour donations will absolutely make a difference! These children need to read. Many are not getting that support at home, so I need to structure that TIME in school for them to pack in every minute of reading they can! And what better way than to make students responsible for their own reading? It is the eventual goal that students will no longer need to be timed for a minimum of 20 minutes, but would love to sit down, read, and easily surpass that goal! We just need to make the TIME:) 
620:::Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful" (Albert Schweitzer) \n\nI have a multicultural group of hard working students that are located in a high poverty area of Pennsylvania. Supplies are often limited at our school due to budget cuts and we are in constant need of updating supplies that are used daily in our classroom. \n\nMy students need dry erase boards and erasers. We have an interactive classroom environment. In math, we are always working with partners or small groups. Science we have lab groups. We are constantly using whiteboards in our groups to meet individual needs and constant reinforcement of topics in our classroom. It is much easier to use a whiteboard and we save the environment. \n\nDonations to this project will help supply much needed whiteboards and individual erasers for quicker results in classwork. The students are able to express themselves faster and quicker responses occur in group work. 
621:::Entering with smiles, celebrating individuals, and working on learning in a variety of ways is how my classroom works.  Children flow in and out of my classroom all day.  Their peers are accepting of them through social skills teaching and acceptance training. \n\nMy classroom contains various learning styles, diverse needs, assorted disabilities, and a myriad of laughter, smiles, and progress!  My students enjoy coming to school, having a safe place to learn at their pace, and feel encouraged daily.  My school is in a rural area in Massachusetts. \n\nAs technology becomes a way of life, we are incorporating it more and more.  The Chromebook would be used to assist students research, watch videos, and learn about our upcoming unit on National Parks.  They will learn about the interactions of the ecosystem.  Disney has some videos that sparked the interest of this regarding their hydroponics.  This made my students start to investigate and wonder how they could help change their environment.  My students enjoy using technology, and would benefit from having additional technology available to them daily. \n\nMy student's involvement with technology will support them in the future as well as learning in their daily school life.  While in school, it is our responsibility to teach the specifics in how to use technology, what is a reliable resource, and how to protect themselves online.  I hope to have that opportunity to teach them about the National Park unit as well as how to properly use technology. 
622:::Do you remember learning with only a chalkboard, pencil, and paper? In today's classrooms students have the opportunity to use the latest technology to further their education. What if each class had the newest and best technology to engage their students? \n\nStudents in my class are full of life, energy, and enthusiasm. Their favorite part of math and reading is the time that they get to spend on the Smart Board or the computer. A lot of these students in our community do not have the latest technology in their homes. They love coming to school and having it all at their fingertips. If you walked into our classroom you would instantly notice how engaged and excited my students are about learning. They would most likely ask you to sit down next to them so that they could show you the newest thing that they are learning about. It is such a joy each day to know that I get to work with such amazing kids that love learning with technology as much as I do.   \n\nWith this iPad the students will be able to play academic games during the small group center rotations along with the whole group instruction. The iPad can be linked to the Smart Board so that each student can be engaged in what is happening. The iPad can be used as an individual intervention, or as a whole group teaching tool. There are various apps that allow you to monitor noise level, award points to students, and even a random name generator. The possibilities in the classroom with this technology are endless!!  \n\nI have seen in other classrooms in our school that the iPad can reach any student no matter what their academic abilities are. This gives us the opportunity to put the learning in the student's hands with more "hands on" learning and less paper/pencil work. I have seen in my classroom that my students learn so much more when they are able to really dive deep instead of simply completing a worksheet. This iPad will allow my students to do just that.  
623:::Did you ever want to take a trip around the world or meet famous people? "Time for Kids" allows my students to do that every week! Imagine students who WANT to read about current events, interesting people, and faraway places each and every week. Time for Kids energizes and educates my students! \n\nNearly 80% of the students in my school are eligible for free or reduced priced meals. Many of these children just don't have access to the variety of literacy materials that students in more affluent areas may take for granted. My students are hungry for knowledge and I want to feed that hunger with more non-fiction text. \n\nSuccess in school is directly related to a student's ability to read and comprehend non-fiction text. As students move into the middle and high school years, more and more of their education is tied to textbooks and other non-fiction reading. I want to get my students comfortable with this genre and Time for Kids is the perfect way to do it!\n\nTIME For Kids is a weekly classroom newsmagazine that motivates kids to read. Issues cover a wide range of real-world topics and themes kids love to learn about and it's the best nonfiction text you'll find!\n\nI plan to use the text to support my core reading instruction by giving students additional opportunities to engage with non-fiction text.   \n\nThe achievement gap between children from lower socio-economic backgrounds and those from more affluent backgrounds is getting larger all the time. This project will help me to give my students the chance they need to be better readers! 
624:::9, and 10! That's a strike! The student flashes a huge smile and the pin setters quickly reset the pins for the next student. I am requesting equipment for a bowling unit. This will be a new experience that prekindergarten to 8th grade students will all enjoy. \n\nI am the lucky physical education teacher of 400 ages 3-14 year old students. Classes see me twice a week. My students come from a challenging background. Most students qualify for free or reduced lunch. Most students are very challenged by their home environment. But this does not stop them from achieving their goals. In every subject area there is an emphasis on achievement and success, including physical education. \n\nMy school is a place where all students feel good. It is a small charter school where all students are welcome. Over the years a student attends our school, teachers from all grade levels get to know them personally. No child is a number here. We make personal investments in each student's successful future. It is a wonderful place to work. \n\nI have the best job in the school. I love that I get to teach each student about the importance of being physically active and healthy. I instill the importance of lifetime health with each student. \n\nI am requesting 9 bowling sets and an actual bowling lane. I am so excited to bring bowling equipment to our school. I would like to teach a bowling unit to my students to instill a love of a lifetime sport. They will learn the rules of bowling, how to score properly and how to take turns with this fun equipment. It will be used by all grade levels. \n\nThis is an opportunity that most students have not had due to financial or other reasons. Bowling is a positive way to exercise and release stress at the same time. As a result of this unit I am hoping some of my students will be able to become lifetime bowlers with their families. This will be an enjoyable unit with many positive outcomes. \n\nI will not be able to teach this unit without help from Donors Choose. Due to budget cuts I have no budget for new equipment. I am forced to use what is in our equipment closet and recycled materials used in creative ways. Donations to this project will allow my students to play with new equipment that will give them a real feel for the game. It will change my students' lives for the better by potentially creating lifetime bowlers. 
625:::One thing leads to another" is both the challenge and thrill of being a science teacher. As my students study plants by working in our school garden each fall, we inevitably wonder why the plants are changing. What better time for them to investigate the earth's relation to to the sun! \n\nI teach over 350 3rd and 4th graders. My students are enthusiastic learners who enjoy being in my science lab. They love our inquiry-based science program and are able to use their observations to make important connections to their everyday life. Our large (1500 students) elementary school is located in a major city. Throughout their years at our school, the children have many opportunities to explore their immediate neighborhood and the entire city. \n\nDuring our plant study in our school garden, the children observe the changes in the garden and wonder about the causes. Why are the leaves turning yellow? How about the trees in the neighborhood - why are now turning brilliant colors? What causes the leaves to be green in the first place? \n\nThese questions create a wonderful opportunity to discuss the reason for the seasons. When I read that an alarming amount of adults in our country do not understand these concepts and many believe that the sun moves around the earth, I am determined to make sure ALL my students leave fourth grade understanding the relationship between the earth and the sun and the earth's place in the solar system.\n\nI use several activities to help with this and but feel that incorporating these models into my lessons will provide a concrete and lasting image for my students. \n\nIt is my experience that as my students develop a greater understanding of how things work in nature, they become more vested in taking responsibility for its care.  \n\nFostering a deep understanding of the amazing relationship between the earth and sun as well as the entire solar system provides another opportunity to broaden my students' awareness of our amazing world and the impact they can have on its future. 
626:::Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing it is stupid" -Einstein. My unique students needs ways to explore the world through sensory experiences, activities of daily living skills, and adapted learning resources. \n\nMy students attend a public, collaborative school for students with intensive special needs. The students that attend our school have been diagnosed with Autism spectrum disorders, developmental delay, emotional disabilities and other disorders that require modifications and adaptations to curriculum frameworks to make effective progress. Many of the students have sensory processing issues that may make them sensitive to sound, light, touch and other daily interactions. Some students are over sensitive to sensory input, while others do not respond to typical stimulation.  \n\nI am requesting sensory toys, fidget toys, learning resources, daily living skills resources and art supplies for my classroom. They can benefit students who need sensory input and also those that shy away from learning and exploring the world in the same approach as typical kids. Sensory toys can hold many materials (sand, snow, rice, water, pasta, clay) that students can be exposed to through exploration at their own speed. Students who require sensory breaks to regulate their bodies can use it as a way to calm down, while students that are sensitive to sensory input can explore new materials in isolation. \nLearning resources will allow my students to learn and grow and develop. The art supplies will be enjoyable since the class really enjoy finger paining. This project will give my students an opportunity  share and explore as will as learn and grow while gaining independence in their classroom environment.\n \n\nLearning resources will allow my students to learn and grow and develop. The art supplies will be enjoyable since the class really enjoy finger paining. The sensory toys will allow my students to explore sensory integration. This project will give my students an opportunity  share and explore as will as learn and grow while gaining independence in their classroom environment. 
627:::My goal as a literacy coach is to foster a love of reading in all of our students. Each classroom at our school needs an excellent classroom library with lots of books for school choice. Please help the students at our school. \n\nThis grant would go to help a 2nd grade teacher build her classroom library. We are a large, urban school with a high proportion of students who have a variety of high needs (low income, special education, ELL.) Our students depend on schools to provide them with wonderful books and literature. \n\nOur students will use the books during Readers' Workshop. They will independently choose books and read and record their thoughts. We know that the more students read, the better readers they will become! Please help our students become better readers! \n\nThe more students read, the better readers they will become. In order to get students excited about reading, they need to be able to find books that they love in the classroom library. 
628:::RUMBLE, GRUMBLE, GURGLE, ROAR!" Little Penguin isn't the only one who struggles to find something good to eat. My students find themselves in the same predicament on a daily basis, but they don't know the difference between what tastes good to them and what is good for them. \n\nMy students are bright-eyed English Language Learners who are eager to learn. They hail from a high-poverty neighborhood where even essential resources are difficult to come by yet, despite their daily struggles, they never fail to show up to school excited about what they will learn next. My students typically bring candy and other unhealthy snacks for lunch, therefore, it is important for them to learn about healthy eating so they can make better food choices. \n\nI will be able to use the requested books during our read-aloud to teach my students important lessons about nutrition. The book bins will allow us to store our books so they are not all over the place!  We will be able to use the math manipulatives to integrate math into our unit about healthy eating in order to make it more meaningful for my students. The carpet will provide a nook in our library where students can come together to share and learn. The comfy couch will also be part of our library so that students have a place to sit when they get tired of reading on the floor. Since the Common Core standards are an integral part of our curriculum, the strips would give students a visual reminder of what they will be learning each day and why.\n\nIt is important to teach students about healthy eating at an early age to ensure that they make healthier decisions as adults. Having these resources would allow me to teach my students about living healthy, active lifestyles while having fun in the process!  
629:::Many of my students are learning the valuable lesson of responsibility and organization.  Hopefully, this will be something they learn and carry with them for the rest of their lives! \n\nI teach in the inner-city and my students come from very low-income homes where 90% of the students live well below the poverty level. They are still trying to learn basic life skills and are in definite need of learning how to be responsible for their belongings and themselves. \n\nHave you ever watched a room full of five- and six-year-olds try to keep themselves and their belongings organized?  Our goal this year is to be more responsible with our classwork, supplies, and personal belongings!  With seat pockets, my kiddos will be able to keep their work, Journals, and some extra fun at-your-seat activities on the back of their chairs instead of all over the classroom. \n\nYour donation will not only provide my students with somewhere to put their things, but teach them a greater lesson on the road to becoming a more responsible and independent student! 
630:::A catalyst is a substance that speeds up a chemical reaction. Every day we begin with the "catalyst" or warm-up activity. Lab activities are a sure-fire way to "speed up" students interest in the content, and they help the content stick. We learn best by doing. I want my students to do and to experiment! \n\nMy students are curious, driven, and empowered. Our school has a palpable sense of community which is evident as soon as you enter. Students have strong, supportive bonds with one other and with faculty and staff. \n\nRespect and trust are important values at our school as we strive to develop the moral character of students with a modern classical curriculum. All students take at least three years of Latin as well as another foreign language: French, Arabic, or Chinese. Students are interested in the world around them.\n\nThe student body is diverse. Students come from all eight wards of D.C. Last year, 52% of students were black, 31% were white, 11% were Hispanic, 3% Asian, and 3% were other. \n\nAbout 80% of students qualify for free or reduced price meals. Although we are an urban school open to all D.C. students, which means we have students from all backgrounds, nearly 80% of our students were proficient in reading on the DC-CAS and nearly 70% were proficient in math. \n\nMy students need 4 investigation kits which include UV-sensitive and wild-type yeast, yeast medium, petri dishes, sterile dilution tubes, pipettes and glass beads. Students will observe how the environment can lead to DNA mutations and thus changes to an organism's physical characteristics. This lab uses an ultraviolet-sensitive yeast strain to determine the ultraviolet blocking ability of various sunscreens. It also demonstrates the damaging effect of solar ultraviolet light on living organisms and can be used to initiate discussions regarding the importance of DNA repair in preventing this damage. \n\nStudents will be once again reminded that living organisms are diverse and that yeast are living and have DNA as all life does! This experiment will also help them understand that DNA sequences can change because of one's environment. Students will be able to practice the scientific skills of observation, prediction, data collection, and making conclusions. \n\nStudents learn best when they can apply their knowledge with a tangible experience. Students will experience how sunscreen can prevent DNA damage by observing changes in yeast. Instead of just being told the importance of skin protection, students will witness what can happen if the advice goes unheeded. Students will have more practice setting up an experiment and thus better understand how science works. Hand-on activities engage students and help them understand the wonder of science.  
631:::Students "Yes, Daily Five!" My students regularly exclaim as they look forward to Daily 5. Students are able to work independently on read to self, word work, listening to reading, and with me in a small group. We need materials to help keep the students excitement as they continue to thrive \n\nMy third graders are enthusiastic and come to school ready to learn! Our school is the home to many low-income families with little resources and more than 90% of my students are on free or reduced school lunch. Yet, they are an amazing group of English Language Learner students with diverse abilities. With our range of reading levels, we need the ability to make choices for our language arts instruction through Daily 5. The differentiated instruction that Daily 5 allows, keeps students motivated and eager to read, while meeting all student needs and improving their reading levels. \n\nWe need Daily Five materials that include headphones and magnetic letters. The headphones are needed in order for students to listen to books on the computer and in the listening center. Students are able to hear the modeled reading by authors and then have the opportunity to practice their fluency by listening to themselves with the headphones. The magnetic letters will give my students the opportunity to be successful learners as they work on words. These materials during Daily 5 will keep them striving to reach their reading goals. For reading is the key to their success in every academic area and in learning many life skills. \n\n"There is more treasure in books than in all the pirates' loot on Treasure Island and best of all, you can enjoy these riches every day of your life." Walt Disney exemplifies the magic in reading. Your generous donations will really help to make a difference in the lives of 25 third graders who are so excited to explore the magic of reading in Daily 5. The resources that I am requesting will be put to great use on a daily basis. We really appreciate any donation that you could make. 
632:::Here in Louisiana, everyone knows that if you want to make a gumbo, you start with a roux!  A roux is the fat and flour base for the whole gumbo.  In literacy learning you need a roux of alphabet knowledge and the ability to identify the first sounds of words. \n\nMy 20 students are Pre-K students (ages 4 and 5) in a public preschool which serves approximately 480 preschool students. Our students are largely from poverty backgrounds with a majority having "free" lunch status. \nMy students LOVE school because at this age and in this environment learning is PLAY and it is FUN!  The children are guided and nurtured in a developmentally appropriate way to learn as much as they can in their pre-k year.  Much of our day is centered around engaging literacy activities --we read books, act out stories, sing songs, recite poems and rhymes, write messages, dictate stories, play word and letter games (syllable clapping, rhyming words, BINGO, etc). As children progress through the elementary years, students who don't have a good foundation in literacy begin to struggle.  The ability to read is the basis for all future school learning so it is imperative to provide our students with the literacy tools they will need to succeed. \n\nResearch shows that the ability to isolate/produce the initial sound of spoken words and the ability to name letters are powerful predictors of future reading success.  I plan to use the series of DVDs and CDs by Heidi Butkus to teach letter names,  letters sounds, and numbers (numbers are important too!).   My students will focus, sing, dance, and move as they learn the letters of the alphabet, letter sounds, and  letter formation as well as numbers and number formation.  Recently I  came across Ms. Butkus' rhyme for number 7, taught it to my kids (it involves a "karate chop" motion), and they loved it (AND, more importantly, they learned it!).  This was over a month ago, and they still ALL focus, participate, and smile when we do the rhyme.  However, letters and sounds are not the only ingredients in the literacy gumbo.   The kids need  the desire to read so I am requesting some excellent storybooks by Louisiana authors to provide them with the appetite to "devour" books. \n\nEach year there are a few students who did not learn as much about literacy as I would have liked them to.  This project will improve my teaching of letters of the alphabet, letter sounds, formation of letters, numbers, and formation of numbers as well as various other literacy components such as concepts of print, rhyme,  etc.   I feel the instructional songs on the CDs/DVDs  will be successful because they incorporate visual, auditory, and kinesthetic learning simultaneously with music. 
633:::Children are naturally curious and learn best through experiences.  That is why I want my students to get their hands on math!  I want to see them use materials and problem solve to figure out how to solve every day math problems. \n\nImagine having 21 sets of innocent eyes watching you everyday, believing in everything you do. Wouldn't you do everything you could do for them?\n\nThat's what I do every day. My second graders are inquisitive, motivated children who love to learn. Learning math through hands on experiences helps fulfills this curiosity, and allows children to fully comprehend each math topic.  My job is to help them use these manipulatives to learn and understand math that they will use in everyday life. \n\nA good teacher can recognize when something is working and can accept when something is not.  Several months ago I realized that teaching math as a whole group was not working for my second grade class.  They needed hands on experiences and smaller group learning.  That's when I changed my approach and we began guided math workshop.  The students get to move throughout different stations during our math workshop, utilizing all of their senses.  These centers include working with the teacher, working independently, math games, and technology based math.  This format engages the students and allows them to use a hands-on approach to learning and understanding math. \n\nThe math activity station and an early math manipulative library that we are asking for will be utilized every day in our classroom.  They will be in each child's hands so that he or she can fully engage in the process of math and learn to be proactive problem solvers. 
634:::Learning is so much more fun through hands-on learning experiences! I am working hard to ensure that my students have plenty of those experiences by providing ample practice time through independent and small group centers.  \n\nMy students entered first grade with a wide range of abilities, with some students working on one-to-one correspondence to students being able to add two digit numbers. Some students could fluently read all of their first grade sight words and students who are working on letter sounds. They have made a great deal of growth this year and developed a wonderful attitude towards all areas of their learning. My students are enthusiastic scholars who love to "show what they know", especially during their daily math and reading centers! \n\nThe requested resources include items such as spinners, dice, number lines, and center activities for addition, subtraction, sight words, word families, and blends. The number lines, ten frames, and 120s chart will be used to teach place value, addition, subtraction, and number sense. The "Pop" games will be utilized to help students practice their reading and math skills.  \n\nThe requested materials will provide an opportunity for my students to have hands-on learning experiences with math and reading to meet their various needs, learning styles, and the Common Core Standards. Donations to this project will tremendously help my students to further develop their math and reading skills in the areas of counting, place value, addition, subtraction, geometry, measurement data, and sight words all while students are having fun showing all that they know! 
635:::With the new Common Core State Standards, students are required to read and understand more complex informational text.  My students LOVE learning about science, so what better way to introduce informational text than exposing them to the wonders of life science? \n\nMy students live in a low-income area of Los Angeles. All of my students are on free/reduced price lunch, and many of them do not have access to books and other reading material in their homes. Many students do not have the opportunity to experience the joy of listening to a fluent reader who reads with expression and intonation. The students in my classroom have families who care about their education, but they cannot provide an example of a fluent reader either because they do not read or cannot speak English. This year, my students are a part of the Gifted and Talented Program, and I want to give them the opportunity to use their talents to explore authentic literature. \n\nThe materials I am requesting will help my students in immeasurable ways. My students need 25 copies of the informational text "From Seed to Plant" by Gail Gibbons. With the adoption of the Common Core Standards in California, my students are now required to dig deeper into informational text and draw conclusions, give opinions and answer deeper level questions with evidence from the text. What better way to accomplish these feats than with a book study about life science? "From Seed to Plant" is a Common Core Exemplar Text and is high interest for students in third grade. I want to be able to write an engaging unit to go along with this text. If each student in my classroom has a copy, they will have the opportunity to experience reading an informational book on a personal level. \n\nYour donation to this project will give my students the chance to experience literature the way it is supposed to be experienced, by holding a book and reading it for themselves. Currently, we have an anthology with excerpts of stories for our reading program. These stories are not rigorous enough, and I want my students to have the chance to read authentic literature.  
636:::Vincent van Gogh said, "If you hear a voice within you say "you cannot paint," then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced."\n\nEvery child is an artist ready to express themselves. Kindergarten is the perfect time for students to paint and be creative.  \n\nMy kindergarten students are happy to come to school each day. They come in and immediately greet me with a "Good Morning", unless I beat them to it. They are excited when we learn something new and when we add new things to our classroom. They attend a Title 1 school in the suburbs. They enjoy painting to express their ideas and thoughts.  \n\nI am requesting water color paint sets, paper, craft sticks, and pipe cleaners. I am also requesting a set of collage trays to easily pass out materials for students to use while being creative and to easily access paint. These are plastic trays that will make cleaning a breeze.  \n\nHelp me allow my students more opportunities to be creative and become little artists. My students are inspirational and it would be great to see their inspirations painted on paper. 
637:::Every day my students are eager to go to P.E.  We go outside, stretch, and run a couple of laps. I'd love for this to be the year when all of my students can say they are excited about exercising and living a healthier life. \n\nI teach a group of exceptional sixth graders. They are eager to learn and become the best they can possibly be. Everything they do, they give 110%. \n\nOur school is in a low-income area where 100% of the students get free lunch because of their lack of income. Our school is small, with only about 400 students, which means federal and state funding is hardly existent for our school.  Despite the monetary setbacks our students face both at home and at school, they remain positive and hopeful. \n\nAs I mentioned above, federal and state funding is practically non-existent at our school. One of the first things that goes when it comes to budgeting is Physical Education equipment.  With this project, I hope to provide my students with equipment they can use to get physical and learn the joys of exercising.\n\nIt's been proven that students who are physically active for 30 minutes or more, are more likely to do better academically. Not only are they more likely to perform higher in school, they're more likely to grow up as healthy adults.  With this P.E. equipment, I hope to inspire my students to live a healthier life. \n\nThis project will not only make a difference in their everyday life, but also in their future. Allowing the students to utilize the P.E. equipment will promote healthy living and healthy lifestyle choices. 
638:::Our classroom is a chaotic learning environment where students, teacher, service providers, and paraprofessionals are constantly working to help meet the needs of each of the diverse learners in the classroom. All work hard to meet each of the individual needs of each student \n\nOur class is a special education classroom in a high need area of Brooklyn. We are in a diverse neighborhood with many types of backgrounds and ethnicity's. \n\nMy wonderful students are an eclectic bunch of fun loving, verbal and non-verbal students who are on the Autistic spectrum. They love to play games and try very hard to do their best. My school is part of the District 75 community which services students who would otherwise struggle in a regular school setting. Many of my students come to school hungry and look forward to the hot or cold breakfast and a fun filled day of learning. They are good kids who struggle to learn, so having various manipulatives and using various techniques to teach them is very important. I want to thank you for reading my story and for taking the time out to explore Donorschoose.org. If you are able to help, I am truly grateful. \n\nStudents will use the materials in many ways. The materials will help create a engaging and happy learning environment for the students. \n\nStudents will be able to more actively participate with the use of a classroom meeting table, giving the teacher more access to the students and giving the students a more collaborative feeling in the classroom.\n\nThe theme boxes, games, and file folder activities will help students interact and gain experiences with the various themes of the months such as, Letters, Weather and Seasons, All About Me, Transportation and Animals. The magic boards, bingo games and practice games and materials will help students with numbers, counting, adding, place value, measurement, time and money. \n\nYour donations will help students gain greater learning experiences which will help them learn now and in the future. \n\nYour donation will impact my classroom in ways that extend outside just the classroom. Your donations will help foster more concrete and engaging learning experiences as well create a fun loving and nurturing classroom environment. \n\nNo disability will deter my students from understanding or trying their best to understand the demands placed on them by the Common Core Learning Standards. 
639:::Starting off the year on the right foot is critical to our success and having the supplies we need to do so is vital. My students can't all fulfill the basic supply lists so these supplies will relieve that burden and give them what they need to succeed!  \n\nMy students are seventh and eighth graders with special needs ranging from Autism, emotional handicaps, cognitive impairments to ADHD. Our school is a science, technology, engineering and mathematics magnet effectively serving students who live in high poverty households. Ninety percent of our students receive free or reduced lunch. Through innovative programs, we are showing some of the most rapid growth in the state as measured by standardized test score improvement. \n\nThese supplies will be the foundation of our beginning of the year activities. We need pens, paper, scissors, and markers to complete our class procedures and expectations. Though they may seem basic,  providing these supplies for students enables them to focus on applying their new knowledge and working towards their personal goals!  \n\nThese may seem like basic supplies but they are essential to some of our most effective classroom procedures! These supplies will be used daily to communicate our learning and growth! 
640:::Open the door to new places and taste. No matter what your disability is you can visit new worlds through taste. This is a world where dreams of going to new places and happiness can be found. This is what bringing cooking into our classroom can do for my class. \n\nMy students are courageous students who have multiple handicapping conditions that limit their abilities but not their hearts. Many of whom are not potty trained, nor can talk. Some are limited in their physical abilities which severely limit their ability to explore their environment. My students have to do some of the hardest and sometimes most painful task ever asked. Moving limbs that don't want to move and having to repeat a task 101 times just to retain it. The school is a high poverty school with over 75% of the students receiving free and reduced lunches and with budget cuts, funds are not available to allow for the purchase of cooking supplies. \n\nMy students will be inspired to work harder in order to have the chance to explore new places through taste. Cooking will open so many doors for them. It will give them a physical reward for their hard work as well as help them to enjoy the power of independence. Cooking with the students will give them the opportunity to hear stories from other regions, taste different foods and explore different job opportunities available in food services. We can incorporate cooking clear across our curriculum(measurements -math, predictability - science, reading recipes- English, job opportunity in food service, and life skills).  The opportunities are endless.  Due to the limited funds available for teachers to purchase materials for their classroom, I have not been able to acquire these resources for my students. I would love for my students to explore their world through cooking as they advance their personal dreams and education. Please can you help make this happen!!!!!! \n\nTraveling with my students is very difficult due to the variety of disabilities.  Bring in the cooking experiences unlock  a lot of different opportunities for my students that would not be available.  It will give them the opportunities to discover other customs, taste and experiences through food. 
641:::A typical day in our dynamic ESL classroom includes a variety of activities where students are provided authentic and engaging ways to practice their English. We might practice listening through a popular song, speaking through guided situations, or writing through Writers Workshop.  \n\nMy ESL students are among the hardest workers in our Title I school. Recently we undertook an exciting, curriculum-based art project. Can you imagine how disappointed they were when we uncapped our trusty old markers, only to find the majority were dried up and worthless? \n\nSoon my upper-intermediate and advanced students will begin a book study of "The Secret Garden." I envision them creating an amazing "garden" of their own, brought to life with a new supply of markers.\nAdditionally, my Newcomer and beginner students can utilize these same markers on an almost-daily basis as they journey through activities that support their vocabulary-building. \n\nThe funding of this project will improve our classroom by allowing the students to express themselves artistically. Crayons and colored pencils aren't appropriate for our larger, more involved projects. 
642:::Our fabulous music classroom goes on journeys to many worldy places to discover the music of many cultures.The only problem is that it's difficult to perform any music without the correct materials! Correct xylophone mallets and one globe would fix that problem! \n\nMy students come mostly from poverty where musical instruments are nonexistent. The only exposure to instruments comes from my music classroom. My students are eager to learn about music and play music from around the world. It is such a wonderful experience to see children connect to their world through music! \n\nIt is impossible to play xylophones without mallets! Pencil playing only goes so far! With appropriate xylophone mallets my students could explore global music. Imagine the places we'll go! And with a shiny, new globe in our room we could actually plot out our musical course! \n\nHaving mallets and a globe would help us begin our worldly musical journey. It is important for students to explore our world. Making connections with other countries and continents through music will help my students understand not only their place in the world, but how important they are as a human being. All of this through the power of music. How great is that? 
643:::As standards grow more tedious year after year, we expect our small 5 and 6-year-old Kindergarten students to spend more and more time sitting still, pencil in hand. Learning should be messy. Learning should be loud. Learning should be creative and above all, enjoyable. Bring in the art! \n\nMy Kindergarten kids are loud, fantastic, and eager to learn. As a full-inclusion classroom we embrace all kiddos in our curriculum. I often dream of having a space in which art is incorporated for my students with autism, my students who are creative, and those in between.  \n\nFor every child, painting and creating should not be limited and restricted to the 40 minutes a week they spend in art class. Only 40 minutes a week! I feel it is my job as their general education teacher to incorporate every facet of every subject area into our classroom. My students would benefit from an easel to paint on, various colors of paint, paint cups to hold the paint, and aprons to keep their clothing from becoming soiled while painting.  My students will be able to learn through movement and art by painting the words they are learning as well as painting pictures to show what the word is. Not only are they learning through play, I'm able to collect evidence that this is a very effective way to learn. \n\nMy students do not sit by while I drone on for a better part of their day. Even at this young and precious age, they understand that they are also a big part of their own education, and that they should be able to enjoy it. \n\nWhy would we engage in anything that isn't fun or beneficial to us? My main goal is to give them an experience to take with them through their entire lives: The Love of Learning. \n\nRigorous. \nIt's a word we hear all too often, and even our younger students are tested multiple times a year, are assessed, and are drilled. \nHelp me provide a creative, fun, wonderful and energizing place for my students to learn beyond the testing and worksheets. If you would, help me provide them the opportunity to paint, especially those who have never painted at home. \nThis project will not only benefit my current students, but will affect those for years to come.  
644:::Our class has reached a monotonous feeling. We come in, do our warmup, have a small lesson, and do some independent or group work. We want and need to add a little something extra but lack the supplies to do it. \n\nMy students can be hard working individuals when they are motivated to do something. I have seen all of them work hard to finish a project in and out of class. They want to learn but often find themselves bored of the same repeated activities in class. They jump at the opportunity to try something new whenever introduced. \nOur school provides a lot of support for what the students and teachers would like to do. We are a mix of different backgrounds, personalities and work ethics. Through it all, our school is one that aims towards student success.\n \n\nStudents will be using the supplies on a daily basis for various tasks. Together with our whiteboards, students will be using the markers and erasers to show their work and understanding. Students will be using the chart paper and markers to complete group assignments and presentations in class. The paper and pencils will be used as extra supplies so that all students are prepared for class and do not have to worry in the case that they forget their supplies. This will allow for increased instructional time and less time wasted when students are looking for a pencil.  \n\nI feel that these extra supplies will bring joy and motivation to the students in my class as the year comes to a close. With increased group activities and more color in their math class, students will work harder to learn and understand. Students would be extremely happy to ask for supplies and know that I will actually have them.  
645:::Some of my students still need to discover books that will capture their imagination and bring them a love of reading. I hope to bring more choice into the classroom. \n\nI have a classroom of 11 fun-loving 5th graders. Most of the students really enjoy reading, but I have a few students who haven't found that series they can really relate to. The majority of my students are boys and the American Chiller books by Johnathan Rand would be very engaging. I believe this series can hook some reluctant readers! Our school is a Title 1/ESL school, and many of the students in the school do not have opportunities or the money to purchase books. Having these books available in my classroom library will bring joy to many students.  \n\nThese resources will be put into our classroom library for all students to enjoy, In addition, we will share the books with the other 5th grade classroom and some 6th grade students if they would like to borrow them. Our classroom operates on free choice during reading time. Students can choose what books they want to read. Many of the students in my classroom enjoy reading book series, and this is a series I am sure the students will devour. The students will learn to share and talk about a new book series. This will create a "Buzz" in the classroom of new excitement!  \n\nThis project will improve the classroom, because we will be adding a new author and book series to our classroom. In addition, students will have more books to choose from during our free choice reading time. This will change the students' lives for the better, because the more they read, the better at reading they become! 
646:::My students work so hard on developing their gross and fine motor skills but they are in need of more materials that will help them exceed their optimal potential.  They do not have indoor gym materials or climbing equipment.  This will give their little bodies ready to learn! \n\nMy classroom is a blended model with 10 at-risk students and 6 special needs students.  They are three year old students that live in a high poverty area and have basic needs that are most generally not being met in their home environment.  These are my wonderful babies that just need a lot of exposure and love to help them build a strong foundation.  These students are truly our future and if we can help them in the early years then we can help them exceed their optimal potential!  Most of my students come from single parent homes where the single parent struggles to provide for their children.  Many of my students live in areas where they are not able to safely explore their environments outdoor.  We need to provide materials to build their skills.   I believe in early childhood education especially when the young students are not able to have their basic needs met. \n\nWe will use the materials to help build three areas of crucial development.  My young children need to build their fine motor skills, gross motor skills, and sensory needs.  These materials will help build each area of development through exploration and small and large group activities.  We will use the materials to build strong motor skills and allow my students the sensory input that is so desperately needed to help them focus on the academic skills that are required as they enter elementary school.  I am requesting a climbing wave for our indoor play area because our students are in desperate need of more opportunities to climb.  We are also in need of a small trampoline which helps with sensory input issues that many of our students need to have addressed to meet their educational and social needs but it also helps with motor planning and building strong muscle tone.  To help with fine motor I am requesting moldable sand and play dough.   \n\nThese materials will help each individual child in my classroom exceed his or her optimal potential by developing fine, gross motor and sensory needs.  Each item will be used to help my special education students reach their IEP goals and my at-risk my students to get the opportunities to explore, learn, and grow.  Each child needs the opportunity to develop basic skills in order to move to the next level of academic skills. 
647:::My 31 students come into the classroom ready to learn.  My goal by the end of the school year is to have them prepared for the second grade in all subjects.  Games are the best way to help learn new vocabulary and concepts. \n\nMy 31 first graders are the only class of Native Language students.  This means my students are taught in their native language of Spanish for reading and writing.  Math is taught in English with Spanish support.  Games are a perfect way for them to better understand the material.  \nThey are part of an inner city elementary school where the population is predominantly Hispanic.  All the students receive free breakfast and lunch. \n\nThese math games, math cards, and dry erase markers will help make math fun for my students.  They will make for wonderful math centers, and to help my students think outside of their workbooks. After the math lesson students will have the opportunity to pick from math games to help reinforce the topic being taught.  \nAt the moment math is the only subject being taught in English, my students need hands on material to help them learn the new vocabulary, and concepts. \n\nThe materials donated will help enhance learning for my students, and foster a life long love for math.  Math is a difficult subject, and for my students it can be even more difficult without any games, and materials to help them learn the concepts.  I would love for math to come alive for my students, and that can be a difficult task.  These games will help my students learn and understand the concepts being taught.  The games will help make math fun. 
648:::I am a physical education teacher at a Pennsylvania urban K-8 public school. This school is located in a lower economic neighborhood with at least 95% low income and at least 95% get free or reduced price lunch. \n\nThis school was built to ease overcrowding at another neighborhood school. This is a Kindergarten through 8th grade school. The school was supposed to open up with 750 students. The school now has over 1100 students. The school opened up short of teachers and materials. It opened up with just one class in the gym, and now there are two. That means I need double the equipment at times to keep 66 students moving and organized.\nMy students are great kids who want to do great things, but without the funding for supplies it makes it very difficult. \n\nThe resources I am asking for are 2 sets of 6 colored cones which will make the gym classes more organized.  The cones will allow the students to know what groups they will be stationed.\n\nThe other resource I am asking for is a 4' X 4' whiteboard.\n\nThis whiteboard will be mounted on the wall where I will have the activity of the day (so the students do not have to ask me) as well as the objectives for the activity. This way the classes will know exactly what is expected of them during that day's lesson. \n\nYour help is needed. Physical education is not getting funded like it should. The American Heart Association says that kids are more obese than ever. If something is not done soon to decrease childhood obesity, we will have a lot more young adults who are obese. The health care system cannot handle this. So please help me help my students. I take my job as a physical educator serious. I cannot do it alone. Thank you. 
649:::My students need seat sacks and paper trays to help keep their books and classroom materials organized.  And a laminator for preserving projects and center materials. \n\nMy students live in the inner city. Our school is a public school and we are located in NJ. We are a class of 21 Kindergarten children that come from various backgrounds . They all receive free breakfast, lunch and snack.  Despite the fact that they live in a high poverty area, they enjoy coming to school everyday. They also love reading good books and creating fun theme based art projects. \n\nHaving seats sacks for each student would allow for more learning time in a typical day. Everyday student workbooks and materials must be passed out and then collected at the end of each period.  My kindergarten class losses  sometimes about about 10 minutes daily, 2-3 times a day passing out and collecting workbooks and materials that could easily stored at their seats. How great it would be to maximize our learning time everyday. Student's work could also be laminate and preserved for developing portfolios, and for displaying around our school. Presently we are learning about consonants clusters and rhyming words which can be easily presented using the double sided chart cart. Having use of the trays  makes it a lot easier to pass out art supplies and save time and organize center materials as well. \n\nMy students need seat sacks and paper trays to aid them in being more organized during their day, and a laminator to help preserve authentic student work and activity center materials that are used  on a daily bases. 
650:::We start every morning with an upbeat, happy song to put a smile on everyone's face.  Our day is filled with challenging activities and lessons that help increase their knowledge and interests.  My "Sweethearts" are hungry for continuous information which is my greatest challenge! \n\nI have worked at my school for 13 years, since we opened our doors.  I've watched them grow up and have gotten many "Sweethearts" from the same family which makes my classroom feel like a family.  My class knows the love I feel for them and the desire I have for them to learn and grow into happy, confident adults.  Because my class is more advanced, I have the challenge of continuously looking for newer and more challenging content.  They have a tremendous interest in science and history along with technological programs.  I look forward to meeting this challenge to the best of my ability! \n\nThe science readers will be used to help incorporate science into my reading block since so many of my students love informational texts.  Along with the readers, I have asked for books on various science activities that can be done within the classroom and that also meet/exceed the standards of my state.   \n\nAny and all literacy within a classroom will help increase student learning.  With my enrichment class, these additional science materials will help continuously entertain and challenge my "Sweethearts" in areas that I know they hold a tremendous interest in- science!  The experiments that we will do will have make a connection between the science content and our real lives.  Students' lives will be better simply with a better understanding of science in our world. 
651:::We see past time in a telescope and present time in a microscope. Hence the apparent enormities of the present." -Victor Hugo \n\nMy students come from a high poverty neighborhood with a very diverse range of home structures: nuclear, single parent, foster and migrant, to name a few. My students love to be at school and enjoy learning, especially when the activities are hands-on. Many of my students are English Language Learners that attend a public school in the South Central Los Angeles area. They are always excited to experience any kind of technology that I'm able to bring to my class. \n\nMicroscope is a tool that allow children to explore objects more in depth than possible with the human eye. I can easily find ways to integrate subjects when using a microscope, not just in science. For example, students can use artforms to draw what they see or use language arts to organize observations through Venn diagrams and other literary tools. Also, mathematics is easily incorporated by using the measurement feature. It is beneficial to have multiple microscopes available for use in groups, but not essential since it can be set up as a station.\n\nMicroscopes can be integrated into lesson plans for all ages. One example is allowing students to explore flower structures using a microscope. By using the microscope students are able to observe flower structures, take snapshots of them and create a pictorial library to use when analyzing similarities and differences. I know students will learn so much by having this microscope in my class. \n\nDo you remember when school used to be so much fun? Using MICROSCOPES to engage students is a useful tool to overcome resistance to engage in learning keeping users actively engaged for longer. This also leads to a better retention rate, more interest and improved attentiveness and positive feelings. 
652:::In order to make progress in reading, students need to practice reading skills at their level on a consistent basis. An important piece in this is reading at home. Since leveled books are often not available to parents, sending students' school books home will greatly improve their reading. \n\nAs a magnet school we serve children from urban and suburban settings. My class is comprised of approximately half urban and half suburban students. My students are a very excited bunch and love learning. They get very excited about science and technology, which is no surprise since we are a STEM school. My students also love to be challenged and take great pride when they reach the next level. All of my students know their reading level and get very excited when they get to the next level. I always make a point to share with the whole class when this happens so that the individual student feels great pride and the other students feel motivated and encouraged. \n\nThe bags will be a wonderful addition to our current reading practices. Students read every day during our independent reading time and they read books at their current DRA level. Students shop for new books each week so that they can continue to practice their skills across texts and read about what interests them. The bags would enable students to take these books home with them after school to continue their practice. Students are expected to read for 30 minutes each night at home. If students were able to read their leveled readers at home, their skills would improve as they would be reading familiar texts and using appropriate skills. Right now, students are using plastic Ziploc bags which are not proving to be very sturdy or durable. Books are often lost or damaged due to the wear and tear of the bags. These brand new, and very durable bags would help our students in so many ways! \n\nAs a teacher, you always want your students to succeed. I feel as though their success is my success. If students are able to read books at their level at home and practice the skills they are learning in school, they will make great improvements and get to that next level that they strive for. 
653:::We need technology in every classroom and in every student and teacher's hand, because it is the pen and paper of our time; the lens through which we experience much of our world." -David Warlick. This quote embodies what I strive to achieve with the Kindle Fires our school has received. \n\nOur students are the unstoppable force embodies the essence of our school title. Being a Title 1 School, the majority of our students come from low-income families and many times come to school without the basic necessities. We take them in our arms and provide them with uniforms, supplies, and a safe environment for our kids to succeed. Upon receiving these things, our students have the motivation to move past any hardships they may be facing and can conquer anything they put their minds to. \n\nWe are excited to use our 200 new Kindle Fires that were donated to our school! These Kindles have provided the opportunity to stimulate our students to learning in a new way with the latest and greatest technology. My class is so excited to put them to use but I want to make sure that they are protected in order to preserve the utility of these tablets so that we can use them in the future. I want these tablets to be used in a safe manner so that the students will enjoy them while I can feel assured that the Kindles will not suffer any considerable damage. However, these cases have another use; they also fold over as a stand, which will make it easier for students to view everything on the screen. These cases will be just the thing we need to maximize the use of our Kindle Fires! Also, we are always in dire need of dry-erase markers. Being a middle school teacher requires writing down a substantial amount of our material on the white board. \n\nReceiving the core product (in our case the Kindle Fires) is only the first step in creating the full experience that product is intending to give. I truly believe these cases will preserve our Kindles in order to use them for the years to come. I also believe that the extra supply dry-erase markers will last me quite a while. I can feel at ease teaching my students knowing that I have the necessary equipment to give them the best experience. 
654:::Sit down.  Stop talking.  Stop tapping!  Do you remember your teacher saying that to your classmates?  Or maybe it was you?  Students spend a lot of time at school and it's not fair or realistic to expect them to sit still and silent all day.  They need to move and collaborate! \n\nI teach 5th grade at an urban Title 1 school in North Carolina.  I teach two groups of students and they vary in many ways.  Some of my students are Exceptional Children, English Language Learners and gifted.  I teach students who are highly motivated and others who are not very motivated at all.  Some of my students are homeless and most (if not all) of them are living in poverty.  I strive to make my classroom where all of these very different children can thrive together. \n\nI am requesting two hokki stools to be used with students who have a hard time sitting still.  I am a big believer of giving my students opportunities to get up and moving but there are also times when they should be sitting.  When a student is restless, their movements and noises distract others.  Hokki stools are a great, quiet way of letting those students move around without bothering others.  My students will be able to do a better job on their assignments if they are able to move like their body desperately wants to! \n\nThis project is important because I teach several students with ADHD (medicated and not medicated).  These students need an outlet for their energy so that they can be successful in school.  The hokki stools will allow them to move which will help them improve their concentration. 
655:::If you can dream it, you can do it." But what if you don't have the tools to carry out your dreams? What if your exposure to technology is limited?  Would you still be ready to conquer the world and your dreams in a 21st Century technology driven society? \n\nCreative. Curious. Inspiring. Caring. Loving. Passionate. Determined. The list could go on and on to describe my students. Amongst each other, they have created a community of learners that is positive, helps and supports each other, and is filled with the infectious laugh of innocent children. Most days, I am unable to make it through the day without losing my composure into pure laughter because their greatest goal in life is to make others happy and please adults that they love. From the day my children set foot in my classroom in August, they have had a continuous thirst to learn anything and everything that they can. They have dedicated themselves at such a young age to learning all that they can and becoming the driving forces in their own education. For a large majority of the children at our school, they have faced many hardships that most adults could not fathom but each day they come to school with a smile on their face, a warm "I love you", and excited to learn.  \n\nAn iPad in my classroom would me a WORLD of indescribable difference to my students. Having this technology would afford them the ability to continue to learn through the use of something engaging, interactive, and ready for their little hands and minds. This iPad would be used to help foster the students' reading and math skills such as blending words, fluently reading, using a number rack to count objects, and count. Imagine being a child who gets anxiety using a computer because of all of the right click, left click, pop up windows, etc. Would it make you nervous? Would you want to use it? I have several children that are anxious around computers and this is the only technology we currently have. An iPad would allow them to use technology in reading and math without the anxiety a computer often brings. This tool was built for little learners to enjoy in their laps or with a partner.  \n\nFor the last two years, I have begged for an iPad in my classroom. Kindergarten is the only grade level in my school without technology because when funds become available, upper grades are served first and by the time they reach kindergarten, there is no money left. I am very passionate that an iPad can help reach my struggling learners and expose the rest of my kids to a technology they may not have at home. This will increase their learning, data, engagement, and overall achievements. 
656:::We live in an ever changing world of technology.  It is our responsibility as educators to surround our students with the most updated technology available and to allow them to have hands on experiences with different types of technology. \n\nFirst graders LOVE technology!  We use our computers and smart board in our classroom a lot.  These centers are the absolute favorite of all the centers that my students love to participate.  I use them as much as I can within a given day.  I have had to start a rotation to ensure that all of my students get an equal amount of time with technology.  Adding an IPAD to my classroom would help me to allow more students to spend more time with technology each day.  The first thing that my students do when they walk in my room each morning is look up at my chart on the board that shows whose day it is to start out on the computers.  This is a special time that we integrate technology within our school day which happens to be the first 20-25 minutes of school.  They are excited and eager to use the technology that we have.  I can't wait to see their excitement when we are able to add an IPAD to the mix. \n\nMy students need an iPad and protective case so that I can make better use of instructional time using today's technology.  We have specified Reading, Language Arts, and Math programs that our school system uses through technology.  These programs will also be able to be implemented on the iPad that we hope to receive.  My goal is that every child in my class will have a chance to use some sort of technology daily at school.  Adding iPads to our classroom will help me to reach that goal. \n\nTechnology is a big part of the world that we are living in now.  It is my responsibility as an educator to provide my students with the skills that they will need to help them throughout their life.  An early introduction to technology and its many uses will benefit each and every child that I teach. 
657:::Using dry erase boards is a method to increase classroom interactivity. Students can use dry erase boards for individual work, cooperative group learning, and problem solving. Dry erase boards are also a wonderful way to assess student learning during classroom activities. \n\nI teach gifted students in west Tennessee. They attend a county school in a moderate poverty area. My students have advanced vocabularies, enjoy challenging activities, and love to illustrate their learning in multiple ways. Our district is now pushing for more formative assessments (checks for understanding). These resources would be an excellent way to monitor student progress, accomplish multiple state learning goals, as well as a way to challenge my diverse students. \n\nI would like a classroom set of dry erase boards (30 boards). I will use these priceless tools as a way to maximize student engagement and participation within the classroom. They will be used with current and future students in grades 6th, 7th, and 8th. \n\nAssessment is immediate with the use of dry erase boards. When students raise their boards during class to offer responses to a question or problem, I can get on-the-spot information.  I can see if students are incorporating new knowledge, and which areas are presenting confusion.  Finally, I can instantly change the direction of my lesson or reteach a part of it depending on student understanding. 
658:::My students know how important reading is.  They know that when they finish their assigned work, they can pick up a book and read.  They choose books from our classroom library daily and I would like to surround them in a variety of literature that will peak their interests. \n\nThe 2nd graders that I currently teach come from families that have full schedules, working parents, many siblings, and trying to keep their heads above water while promoting the importance of education!  They are eager to learn and have a need to be engaged in higher level thinking.  I just can't say enough about this group.  They are kindhearted, caring, understanding of each others differences, thoughtful, energetic, expressive, clever, and bright.  I could go on and on.  My goal is to encourage them to love reading now and for many years to come. \n\nMy students would use these materials daily.  These books would allow my students to escape reality and travel to places only books could take them.  They would be displayed in our classroom library where students can choose to read them within the classroom or at home.  While reading, each student is continuously working on thinking skills, comprehension skills, fluency, etc.  There is no doubt that these books would bring joy and excitement to my students. \n\nThese donations will assist me in providing my readers with new material as I will be looping this group into third grade.  The books will allow my students to grow as readers and hopefully encourage my students to be lifelong readers. 
659:::Michelle Obama said, "Exercise is not an option, for our kids to be successful academically, they need to be successful physically." Help us keep our students active! We need a class set of pedometers to encourage a healthy active lifestyle. \n\nMany of my students live in a high poverty area. Over 90% of my class receives free or reduced price breakfast and lunch. Over 90% of the students in my class are also second language learners. Our school actively participates in a Gang Reduction and Intervention Program. Despite these challenges, they are also bright, happy scholars who love coming to school and are eager to learn! \n\nA classroom set of pedometers will encourage students to get active!  Pedometers will help students monitor their fitness goals and track their progress.  Our goal is to help them commit to a lifetime of healthy choices including an active lifestyle! \n\nThis project is important because we would love for our students make healthy choices and get fit!  Pedometers will encourage them to step out and go! Thank you for considering giving to our active class project! 
660:::What we need is a world full of miracles, like the miracle of seeing the young child seeking work and independence, and manifesting a wealth of enthusiasm and love."- Maria Montessori \n\nI currently teach 29 third graders at a public Montessori school in Northern California. My students are all enthusiastic learners and continually embrace the opportunity to learn in all subject areas. Although my district pays for the basic needs of a Montessori classroom, there are many costly items that are not provided. \n\nOne item that would drastically improve our classroom is a large area rug. We currently have a lot of open floor space in the center of the classroom, but the floor is hard and uncomfortable. We use this area during most parts of the day, including community building activities, read alouds, partner activities, and independent work time. A large area rug will make this space a cozier place to learn and grow. \n\nIt is a known fact that students who feel comfortable in their learning environment are better able to learn. I hope this rug helps support student achievement for this school year and many more years to come. 
661:::AP students need apps to help them with their AP tests. \n\nMy students are enrolled in the AVID program and AP classes.  My AP math students need help with multiple choice questions.  Our school would like to raise the passing rates of the AP students.  Achieving a score of (3, 4, or 5) on the AP test is difficult for many of the AP Calculus AB students.  My students are hard working students.  They enroll in other classes to help them prepare for the AP test. \n\nMy students will use the minis to help them on their tutorial days.  They can pull up past AP questions and have a study session in class. AP math students will benefit from seeing AP test questions.  Also, we can use the minis to download apps that help them with 3D graphing. \n\nMy project will enhance their studying of the AP test.  My students need to see the variety of test questions available.  Since our school has wi-fi, we will be able to use them in the classroom, and we don't have to trek all the way to the library to use computers.   
662:::What activity would entice you more, the one that is all in black and white or the one that is full of color? Think of how a child looks at their world, how they see things. What draws their attention? Color! Color! And more Color! And I want to fill their world with it! \n\nMy Kindergarten students are eager learners, yet many are functioning way below their age due to the poor environment they live in. Our Title 1 school is very supportive and we do have a school printer, however it only prints in Black and White.  These kids need  a little color in their lives. Kindergarten is not what it used to be. A lot more is expected of these little munchkins. Yet that does not mean we cannot have fun doing it, right?  \n\nMy students are charming, smart, sweet little 5 and 6 year olds who come to school every day craving knowledge. Yet they do not bemoan what they do not have and they DO have dreams of going to college. My sweet Pandas will come in the door ready to learn and have fun; they will laugh, cry, hug, giggle, play, and learn all in one place: their classroom. Therefore I am eager and ready to help them achieve their dream. \n\nHow can I effectively teach children about the beautiful hues of the different flowers in spring using just books, worksheets, and activities in black ink? How much more effective would that lesson be with a nature walk, letting the children take pictures of those flowers and then printing them in their natural color, after which they would write about it? Or copying an activity they worked very hard on for a class project? \nAt this time, with the tools I have that is impossible, however, with the color printer and ink I have requested in this project, I can give my students a better way to learn. I want to give my Kindergarten students the tools they need to not just learn, but WANT to learn and all through exploration. The world of a 5 or 6 year old child should be filled with color and I want to help make their classroom world colorful and as natural as I can. Help me to do that by funding this project. \n\nThere are 21 little kiddos who need all the resources we can give them in order to succeed in school. They will come in the door with a lot on their mind but they want to learn and are actually excited to learn. Something as simple as printing their hard work in color can make a world of difference to these sweet kiddos. Please help me to help them add a Splash of Color to their world!! 
663:::Having the right resources to be able to learn how to read and have fun is very important in kindergarten! Help us, please! \n\nMy kindergartners come from diverse ethnic and racial backgrounds.  The majority of our students qualify for the free and reduced rate lunch program.  Some of their homes are not rich with educational materials. They are very curious little ones that love to learn and discover. \n\nI would like to have for my kindergartners three beanbag seats to enjoy books in our classroom library. As well as, I would like my kindergartners to listen to audio books while they sit on the beanbag seats. I would like to obtain the book boxes so I can put books in each table for my kindergartners to read.  The books that I want to put in these boxes are books that they are learning to read and books that they can read.  \n\nBeing able to have these materials will help us with learning how to read and enjoy a book. It is very important to me that my kindergartners get all the resources that are out there. I want to be able to create a great learning environment for my kindergartners.  
664:::We start the day with  closed circuit televised morning bulletin. Students believe that the library is "uncool". By the end of school year, library will be the students' new "in place." "You must be the change you want to see in the world." Gandhi \n\nWe educate students from grades 7-12.  Many of our students come from a limited socioeconomic status. Approximately, 90% of our population fall below grade level in both reading and math. Our population of students have limited access to digital technology and therefore have limited awareness of technological advancement; on-line methodology and global interaction. \n\nThis 60" flat screen television will allow our students to present large group presentations of (their) student generated digital projects; view and create on-line instruction of real world issues;  and allow access to global interaction with others. For our students, this device will become the "portal" to the world.  \n\nWe are moving away from the 20th century (industrial age) library and creating a 21st century - iCenter (i=interactive; student centered, informational, technology center) that will expose our students to digital information; digital interaction; and global opportunities necessary for the 21st century learner. Our school vision is: Dream It, Believe it, Achieve it.\n\n 
665:::A typical day in my classroom is never quiet, never rowdy, but a soothing buzz of activity. My students and I are a close group, who support one another throughout all daily activities. By the end of the school year I want each of my students to have grown to their maximum potential. \n\nThe school is located in a small, rural setting. To tell you the truth, we are located on top of a windy hill surrounded by cattle on all sides. I love it. The school is small and offers a family feel to staff and students alike. My students are all very unique with very different needs. They are all very eager to learn and have grown to look out for one another in the short time we have been together. \n\nI like to work with my reading groups in all types of settings. We can be found working on the floor, in front of the active board, or with clipboards around the room. I avoid working with my reading groups at a small group table because the only one we have is not large enough to accommodate all of us. Writing is a different story. I often kneel on the floor and there is not enough room for the children to have their journals open. A table is necessary for kindergarten students who are learning proper letter formation and pencil grip techniques. The kidney table I have requested will accommodate each of my small groups, and allow me to sit with them during writing instruction. I have also requested stools for the children to sit on. The stools will allow my young students to move naturally in a way that is comfortable for them while allowing them ergonomic seating and proper posture during writing time. The stools will also help to increase the attentiveness of overactive student \n\nYour donation to this project will improve my classroom by providing my young learners the space to write. Having space for me, the teacher, to sit with my students will allow for better modeling, which is important to kindergarten writing.  With increasing demands on standards it is important for me to give each of my students the best education possible. 
666:::At the end of our school year my second graders need to be fluent, confident readers. To be fluent readers my students need to be reading everyday and reading books they enjoy.  My students read Flat Stanley and they were hooked!  They can't wait to hear more about Flat Stanley's adventures! \n\nMy students are energetic and kind kids that have a great desire to learn to read. Due to the extreme poverty that some of my students live in, they don't have quality reading material at home and rely on our classroom library. Our school has a majority of Native American students and 100% of our students receive free lunch and breakfast at school.  \n\nThe Flat Stanley books will be used in the classroom.  Students will be able to read the books in their small reading group.  I have requested six copies, so six students will be able to work together to read and enjoy Stanley's adventures.  The students will also have the opportunity to read chapters on their own and with partners, all helping to increase their reading fluency and their love of reading.   \n\nSecond grade is such a critical year for students' fluency development. Donations to this project will help students become fluent and successful readers. The reading skills that are developed in the early childhood years carry students through the rest of their lives and can make all the difference for future success.  
667:::Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire." This quote by William Butler Yeats demonstrates my goal as a classroom teacher. Not only do I want my students to meet and exceed the common core standards, but I want them be excited and confident about learning. \n\nMy students come from diverse backgrounds and bring a variety of experiences into the classroom. They enjoy learning and soaking everything up like sponges. My school is 96% poverty and many students come from single parent homes. The National Student Clearinghouse Research Center states that poverty is the best predictor of college attendance and completion. Their research has also found a good education is seldom available to children living in poverty, but the long term solution to poverty is a high-quality education. Poverty is increasing but the spending on education is not. Many of my students only have access to technology when they are in the classroom. The challenges my kindergarteners face on a daily basis doesn't stop them from coming to school with a positive attitude and eagerness to learn. \n\nStudents will use these resources on a daily basis. These boards will enable them to write words, sentences, letters, or numbers. The sky is the limit! I love using technology to engage my students and enhance their learning! These boards will allow me to do just that. \n\nDonations to this project will allow my students to become more engaged in their learning and use 21st century technology. Writing their sight words will allow them to increase their knowledge of them, allowing them to become more fluent and increase their reading level. My goal is to send them off from Kindergarten with a love of learning. These boards will help do just that! 
668:::Reading is everything in my classroom!  As students come into my classroom, the first thing they do is read.  There is no excuse what their levels are (even if they are 2-3 grade levels below). By pushing them to read so much, as my students' reading improves, so does their self esteem! \n\nI have the pleasure of working with intercity students at a public school in Santa Ana, California, where 100% of my students are Latino and receive Free and Reduced Lunch. They are awesome 4th and 5th graders that have learning disabilities or are at risk for being tested to see if they have a learning disability. I currently work with one of the most difficult populations in our school (special education students and at-risk students), but I absolutely love what I do! These are the hardest working students who can achieve so much, once they, themselves, BELIEVE they can do it! \n\nReceiving more books and headphones will help my classroom tremendously!  Since I push reading so much, my students go through a lot of books in a year.  I have slowly built my classroom library, but my students are reading more than ever and I am running out of options of books for them to read.  Since I mainly teach 4th and 5th grade students, they are at a K-3 reading level, which is why I need more books at the kindergarten through third grade levels. My students read these books and take reading comprehension quizzes on the books they read everyday.  As they earn more points, they earn rewards, both from the school and myself.  I have finally found a way to motivate my students to read often.  Now I need your help to get more books into my classroom.  As for the headphones, I have been able to access audio books that allow my older students to read the same books as their peers, with a little extra help. \n\nThese donations will allow my students to have more access to books at their level.  They will even be allowed to feel like their peers (for once) and listen to the audio books that are higher than their reading levels.  These items will continue to show my students that reading is possible at their levels and that they can get better with lots and lots of practice. 
669:::Our students make several presentations throughout the school year.  A die cutting machine would help make their presentations look more professional.    \n\nOur school has moved to a project based model of instruction.  The students make several presentations throughout the school year.  We also have an outdoor learning center that we would like to label the areas.  Using a die cutting machine would make it look more inviting.  The students also create science fair presentations that they could use the machine.   \n\nThe students would use this machine to create displays for their various presentations.  The staff will use this machine to create materials to enhance the students learning and the environment of the school.  This machine will be used by the entire school.   \n\nThis machine will enhance the students presentations, therefore giving them a greater sense of pride in their work.  It will also be used to make the teachers presentations more inviting and engaging for the students.   
670:::My goal for this year and years to come, is to have all of my students love learning as much as I do!  Technology is a HUGE part of my students lives.  If a lesson/activity incorporates technology, they are engaged and focused on the task. \n\nI teach in a very small school, which is slowly incorporating technology every few years.  My class is very divided when it comes to access to technology.  Some of my students have an Ipad/tablet and others do not.  The age I teach, is very much in tune with all of the "new" technology.  They thrive on games/apps that allow them to be interactive. \n\nMy plan is to incorporate the Ipad into my centers.  I have different interactive centers (Writing, Math, Art, etc.).  Right now we have two older laptops that I use for my centers; but the students usually log out some how, or click out of the activity they are doing.  The Ipad would be so much more operable and will help eliminate the students clicking on things they shouldn't. \n\nIf an Ipad was donated to my class, it would make not only my life easier but really impact those students who may not be as fortunate to ever have one.  Technology is a huge part of our students lives now, and I feel we need to embrace it and incorporate it into our daily teaching. 
671:::Knowledge has to be sucked into the brain, not pushed in. First, one must create a state of mind that craves knowledge, interest and wonder. You can teach only by creating an urge to know." ~Victor Weisskopf, Physics Professor  \n\nMakerBot 3D Printing creates an "urge to know" in every academic area. \n\nOur class motto is Grow Your Brain. Everyday in every way my students are growing their brains. Due to their limited exposure to the world around them they are eager to jump in and explore beyond their apartment complexes. 95% of our school receives free and reduced price lunches, with 25% of my class participating in our Thursday backpack program that gives them food for the weekend. Most of my students are second language learners that are working towards the goal of going to college. For many they would be the first to do so. My job is to open as many doors as possible, to expose them to as much as I can so they can see and learn about the world and all the possibilities around them. \n\nA MakerBot 3D Printer drives every academic subject into higher level, critical thinking skills.  A map of California with an outline of the Salton Sea, a dot for Death Valley and a triangle for Mt. Whitney and the Sierra Nevada's becomes a study in elevation, latitude, and longitude. To see a 3D representation of the state created from their research and input adds so much more to social studies than the rote memorization of state facts. In Mathematics, abstract concepts of vertices and shapes become tangible objects in their hands. Who knows where or how this device will touch a student's life. At this age my students are sponges and every time we touch one area "the urge to know more" continues to build and to open more and more academic areas. \n\nYou can teach only by creating an urge to know." ~Victor Weisskopf, Physics Professor  \n\nA 3D Printer infuses academics with an urge to know. My students already stay after school 2 days a week so that they can work on reaching their goals. I believe a 3D printer will have them after school everyday delving deeper into classroom projects, questioning the world around them, and considering all the things they want to know. They'll see no end to the possibilities. 
672:::We have a cardboard mailbox  that is falling apart! All of the sections are collapsing.  We have repaired it many times during the school year, but it will soon need to make its way to the recycling bin!  It simply cannot handle so much use by 24 first graders! \n\nMy students attend an elementary school in a low-income neighborhood. They are enrolled in a dual language program and are learning English and Spanish simultaneously! My kind, curious and motivated students are working towards being bi-literate, bilingual members of society, and they need your help! \n\nMy first grade students will use the wooden mailbox organizer many times throughout the day.  When they arrive in the morning, they put their folders in their mailboxes.  During the day they put work and notices to be sent home, and at the end of the day they collect their papers and folders to put in their backpacks.   Our mailboxes are used frequently and are essential to smooth operations in the classroom!\n\nWe would love a more durable and permanent organizer so that students can use it for years to come without fear of it collapsing or breaking! Use of individual mailboxes teaches children to be independent and organized - two skills that are essential to being a successful student. \n\nYour donation will help us replace our current cardboard mailbox organizer that is falling apart and held together by staples and tape.  Our new wooden mailbox organizer will last for years and be used by many more classes of first graders! 
673:::Let us take our children seriously! Everything else follows from this... only the best is good enough for a child." Zoltan Kodaly, famous for his music method, believed that every child needs the best. Unfortunately, my students do not have access to the best instruments! \n\n"Oh, The Places You Will Go," is the theme of our school this year. A vast majority of my students come from low socioeconomic apartments/homes and therefore, may not have access to modern, instruments. This limits the places they can go.\n\nAlong with our large student population who come from low socioeconomic housing, my school has a large community of students who are special learners. This population consists of many students who have learning and physical disabilities and various spectrum disorders.\n\nWith a total enrollment around 749 students, my partner teacher and I believe that every child can learn, and it is our responsibility to see the potential in every child and teach every child. We believe that there is a "David" (Michelangelo's David statue) in every child. As teachers, it is our job to sculpt away and teach every child every day. Our kids are polite and kind students who are simply looking for someone to love them and teach them. \n\nIn order to teach our students about the music that is heard in the classical music halls or on the radio, they must visually see how it was made, they must hear how the sounds are put together, and they must physically create their own works using quality instruments. Learning must relate to the student's world.\n\nIn the music classroom, we teach the students musical skills such as pitch, steady beat, rhythm, and rhythmic and melodic dictation. With these drums, we would simultaneously incorporate different learning styles with different drums and activities that would stimulate brain growth.\n\nFor our special learners, the drums unlock their potential. Studies have shown that special learners who use the drums in class are able to participate on a higher level in the mainstreamed class. Brain research tells us that their brain grows more when they learn through musical activity. \n\nBy investing in the school, your donation will change the lives of our kids. Not only will it make them smarter and ready for the real world, it will make them learn to be a better person. We teach music, but our goal is to teach them to be kind and share. In a school with 749 kids and one music classroom, our students have to endure music lessons with 50 students in one class. With these drums, our students will learn about the importance of community and sharing in the 21st century. 
674:::According to the Alliance for Childhood, "Young children work hard at play" My students come in every day with a strong curiosity and imagination. They use these tools throughout the day to create their own learning. \n\nWe are a kindergarten class of fourteen students, located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. We are a fully inclusive classroom with a widely diverse student body. Our school is deeply involved in the community, and works hard to provide students with a safe, respectful environment in which to learn. \n\nStudents start the day with free choice after finishing their morning routines. I often see the strongest social/emotional development during this time, and it is amazing to see the growth that occurs when students are left to their own imagination. With these materials, our play area will be revitalized and will become more inviting to the students for use. They can use the different materials for social interactions, math and literacy development, as well as to foster their independence. When using the play phone, students strengthen speech and language development. They can freely create environments that enrich their communication skills. The doctor and veterinarian kits will allow students to practice compassion, empathy, as well as responsibility. The cash register will be integrated into our math units, while also aiding in the development of social relationships; and build an understanding of the meaning of community and the individuals that sustain it. \n\nChildren need play to grow. With the right materials, students will feel more comfortable to engage in play they can create. Through play, students get a sense of who they are as an individual, as well as who they are in our community. They can build relationships with peers and work together to solve problems. All of those skills will be used throughout their lives. 
675:::My teacher made literacy centers and file folder games have been used and abused! I have researched CC Standards and planned my lessons accordingly, however there never seems to be enough time and supplies to do what I feel my students deserve!  My kids "deserve the best" because they are the best! \n\nMy students attend a K-1 elementary school that has 13 kindergarten classes. My kindergarten students are from a rural town, and only about half of them have Internet access at home. Out of 20 students, 6 are Hispanic and 2 of them speak little to no English. The majority of my students eat a free/reduced price lunch. I have 11 boys and 9 girls in my class. \n\nMy students are great kids and deserve the best of everything. Some of them struggle at home, due to lack of resources, but they know I'll do anything I can to make learning "fun" and to get done what needs to be done. I have high expectations for them in and outside of the classroom. I cheer them on at their recreational soccer and basketball games and try to offer resources for the families that are needy.\n\nI have not been provided any CC math teacher's manual, workbooks, manipulatives, etc, due to a lack of funding. We do the best we can, but these teaching kits and learning centers that would enhance our daily lessons. \n\nWith 40 different activities aligned to all the kindergarten Common Core Standards, my students will be able to master everything from operations to geometry! Playing games like counting candy in a candy store, identifying shapes in everyday objects, and adding up frogs on lily pads are just a few of the fun activities that will make my students excited to learn. \n\nThese activities are write/wipe and reproducible, so I'll be able to use these for years. The teaching kit gives me ideas for independent student learning, math centers, small-group lessons for struggling students, and whole-class activities. Students will be successful in learning to count, writing numbers, sequencing and comparing numbers plus much more! Discovery cans will allow my students to independently practice comparing numbers and identifying shapes and they come with 25 illustrated activity cards so each student could be working on a different problem at the same time! Hands-on and lots of practice is the key! \n\nThis "Math Makeover" will be a new way of learning! Colorful, fun,  independent and cooperative learning activities will keep my students engaged and excited to learn! If they love to learn, they will always be willing to try new things and build on what they already know. We need enthusiastic successful mathematicians in all classes, but it begins in kindergarten! Hopefully, I have some future engineers, teachers, and doctors in my midst that I helped to nurture. 
676:::We are an energetic bunch that explores, plays, laughs, and loves learning!  Each one of my students is unique, creative, and hard working.  We accept learning challenges head on and as a group.  We cheer for and encourage each other to do our very best in all we do - we ARE kindergarten! \n\nMy students learn in a PreK-5 school in a rural, coastal Maine town. Although my students mostly come from low income households, they are excited to come to school and learn each day because they know that we will do many enriching hands on activities. We often have to use hand-me-down materials in our class, and try our best to make do. \n\nThese headphones will be used exclusively by my students.  They will stay in this classroom for future classes.  These headphones will not be hand-me-downs from other grades.  My students will use these headphones for computer work.  My students will have reliable headphones to do their phonics work - imagine being able to hear the sounds through both ears!  These working, reliable headphones with help students hear the sounds in words while working on a phonics program, playing educational games, and listening to books. \n\nMy students will have reliable materials to complete their work.  They will be confident in completing their work to the best of their ability...not to the best of the materials' ability. 
677:::We need evidence! A typical day in my classroom involves students working together to gather evidence to support their scientific beliefs. \n\nOur school is a high poverty, inner city school. My students are awesome! They are intelligent and curious and determined to be successful! Every day, I observe my students reaching beyond expectations that others had for them, and surpassing even my own high expectations. \n\nStudents will be able to use the iPad as a tool to help them research and analyze data. Students will be able to utilize the wifi capabilities to  search for evidence and to communicate by sharing information with others. Students will also be able to utilize various apps to measure and analyze data. \n\nAn iPad will provide a much needed tool for my students to immerse themselves in STEM applications which have become crucial elements in their education. The iPad provides the technology to "hook" students into their learning. 
678:::Young children learn best through play. Help them learn literacy through fun and games.  \n\nMy students are highly energetic and very much engaged in the learning process. Each day at school is an adventure, discovering and conquering new material. Unfortunately, 100% of my class receives free or reduced lunch. This means that the socioeconomic status of every single student is at or below the poverty level. This translates to my students having limited or no resources and/or opportunities to help them become proficient in their academic endeavors. In fact, our school's student population of 500 is at least 98% impoverished. These sad facts, however, do not hinder their motivation. All that is needed are the proper learning materials to ensure academic success. \n \n\nThis project seeks to build early literacy skills in Kindergarten students. By exploring learning centers and playing games, early learners will develop both phonological and phonemic awareness, which are vital to learning to read.  I have ordered a complete set of an early language concepts system. This set includes: object matching, comparing sizes, classifying, and category sorting. The students will prepare for reading and writing with lots of practice in problem solving. Each kit has activity mats and miniatures that provide hands-on practice with a different skill such as sorting objects by attributes, matching . Your donation will furnish such games and centers, thereby providing opportunities to strengthen pre-reading skills. \n \n\nIt is so important that students get a good foundation in literacy and language arts. You have the opportunity to help my students get a head start on reading. Your partnership will foster a love of life-long learning.  
679:::This project reaches roughly 200 environmental science\nstudents each year.  My students advocate for wildlife issues and educate their peers by creating, filming, and viewing public service announcements geared towards educating the public on the issue of their choice.  The PSAs are solution-based. \n\nMy environmental science students are unsung heros.  They spend the term studying various current issues relating to wildlife\nenvironmental concerns . The entire course is student-driven and\nthe course is designed around the PBL model of\nproblem-based-learning.  The focus of all units of study is\nsolutions based. Students work to develop their own advocacy\nstyle to design research projects aimed at informing and\neducating their peers and their community about environmental\nissues. Students research and provide alternative approaches\ntowards conservation and preservation for a myriad of issues\nranging from poaching and the black market to deforestation to\ncoral bleaching and global warming. In the culminating course\nproject, students are asked to get active on a wildlife issue of\ntheir choice. Students draw upon the skills they've learned in\nthe course to develop an initiatives program that reaches out to\nthe community, educates, and takes strides towards wildlife\nprotection and advocacy. \n\nCurrently, my course runs with limited resources.  I have a small\npod of laptops that my students use to research their causes and\nto create their presentations.  My classes and students would\nbenefit greatly from these materials  for research and the media equipment would allow my students to effectively record and\nedit public service announcement commercials. After a term of researching the serious consequences that humans\nhave initiated for planet Earth's wildlife and incorporating\nmultiple formats for presenting their findings (multi-media\npresentations such as PREZI, brochures, portfolios, commercials,\nletters to legislature, public service announcements, etc)\nstudents will have the opportunity to creatively and uniquely\ndemonstrate their passions and advocacy style for a wildlife\nissue of their choice. Students will create insightful,\ncompassionate campaigns that educate the community about the\nissue and inspire and direct them in ways they can help.   \n\nThe skills developed by students on this particular project will carry with them in a larger capacity beyond the scope of my wildlife curriculum. This project develops the whole student and provides them the opportunity to become reflective, educated, passionate citizens\nof the world. This project teaches students to become invested in\ntheir world and shows them that they can effectively communicate\ntheir ideals with others.  
680:::Our students enjoy learning to play the ukulele and the guitar, but we need new music to inspire us! \n\nOur school serves over 1100 students in preschool through fifth grade and all of the students enjoy music as part of the school curriculum.  We are a Title 1 school with students from diverse backgrounds.  Our school has been recognized statewide and nationally for helping students reach their academic goals. \n\nOur fourth and fifth graders have been taking guitar for several years and the students would love to have new music to play.  This year we will give second and third graders the opportunity to play the ukulele during their music time and the music teacher needs instructional resources as we begin this new curriculum.  They will love listening to the accompaniment on the CDs that come with the books!  We need books for ukulele and guitar instruction and we need two ukuleles. \n\nAlthough the students enjoy the music they have, new tunes would definitely inspire  them. . . and the teacher!  We have a class set of ukuleles, but we need a couple more so that every child will have one and not have to share. 
681:::A typical day in my classroom involves quite a bit of testing as is now required for all third grade students in the state of North Carolina. The students often become restless and unable to focus.   \n\nMy students are sweet, caring children from a high poverty area. They have a great deal of pent up energy they are unable to expend due to constant testing, unfavorable weather, and unsafe neighborhoods. They work hard daily to learn what is required of them but often have a difficult time maintaining focus throughout the day.   \n\nWith the provision of a class set of exercise balls my students will be more comfortable sitting at their desks for long periods of time. They will be able to focus better. Allowing students to sit on the exercise balls instead of the hard desk chairs provided by the school will improve their posture. In addition, these ball chairs will allow them small movements such as light bouncing to expend some of their energy, or in some cases, to help them wake up for the day. My students live in neighborhoods in which it is often unsafe for them to play outside and the constant testing, as required by the state, has my students wondering if they will ever get to "do anything fun" again.   \n\nWhen students are overly energetic, it is difficult for them to learn and remain on task throughout the day. Your donations will be used to purchase a class set of exercise balls which will in turn help the students to focus on their assignments.  Since many of my students are currently behind grade level, their continued focus throughout the day is vital to their continued success and thus their future. Thank you for your consideration and assistance.   
682:::In my classroom, students are actively engaged in literacy activities daily. Second grade students need to be fluent readers in order to be successful in school. Listening to fluent readers and recording reading are two research based ways to increase fluency. \n\nChildren of all ages love to hear a good story. Audio books are popular in every book store. The skill of the reader can make a book come to life or lull a reader to sleep. When children learn to read, how and when do they become fluent readers?  Research tells us that fluency is a very important component of reading instruction. This \nListen and Learn is a student-centered project that will increase fluency. My school is a Title One school. Most students don't have access to technology outside of school.  Technology is also limited in our classrooms. The thrill of using an iPad as a listening center, recording their reading and hearing themselves read will motivate and encourage them to become better readers. \n\nIt is undeniable that the iPad is a valuable tool in the classroom. However, many do not realize how effective it is as a reading instructional tool. The iPad will be loaded with audio recordings of our reading stories, poems, and songs. The iPad will be hooked up to a listening center and earphones that I already have in the classroom. The use of a CD player  and changing Cd's is difficult for second grade students to use independently. An iPad will make it easier for students to use the listening center. The students may listen and follow along to the week's current story or  return to a previous story. The listening center can accommodate up  to eight students at a time. By listening to a good model of fluent reading, students learn how a reader's voice can help written text make sense. Another aspect of Listen and Learn is the ability for students to record themselves reading. Most students have never heard themselves read. This motivates them to become better readers. \n\nDonations to this project will improve student's reading fluency. This project is the ideal way to connect to students. Engaged through the tools of their generation, students will be more motivated to learn, feel a stronger connection to the subject matter and spend more time on task. Students will be introduced to a wider range of resources and opportunities for learning. Students can enjoy their favorite stories and gain confidence they need to become fluent readers. 
683:::My classroom is a seventh grade classroom that is based in a K-8 school.  the school is located in a very low income area and we do not have an appropriate library for our kids.  Most of our books are for elementary age students and our middle school kids are always having a hard time finding books. \n\nMy kids a re great kids that come from some tough areas.  many of them come from single family homes where rides to the library are hard to come by.  Many of these kids have to watch siblings on a  nightly basis and do their homework.  They are usually always trying to find resources and are always lacking for academic materials. \n\nThese age appropriate books will be used on a daily basis to help my kids increase their literacy skills and to increase their reading level.  they will be used for silent reading, book reports and reading for pleasure.  These books will be used for a minimum of thirty academic minutes a day by our kids. \n\nThese books will make a difference because they will provide a new resource to our kids that is age appropriate.  These books will help our kids increase their reading levels and will also improve their vocabulary. 
684:::Overwhelmed with students coming from low income families, one might be surprised if they step foot in my classroom. The enthusiasm and thirst for knowledge is uncanny when seen juxtaposed to the environment my kids live in. My class is a safe haven, where students can learn and use their creativity \n\nMy students come from a variety of backgrounds. I have students that have just entered the country and are trying to find their way around a new environment. I have students who come from such bad living environments that survival is their first priority. I also have students who come from more fortunate backgrounds. Combined CHEC  encompasses a great many cultures, social and economic classes, and personalities. This results in a colorful classroom that showcases many ideas and thought process. In my classroom I foster debate. Socratic seminars and group discussions give way to ideologies that illustrate the copious different backgrounds my students come from. For all the culture and ideas my students harbor, as a whole CHEC is underfunded. My students constantly complain about being held to the rigorous standards of an AP test without the materials to arm themselves to successfully pass the AP test. An entire school year without a literature book will hinder the success of the student.\n\nThe novel will be used in class to help the students successfully pass the AP Exam. The AP Exam consist of identifying and mastering rhetorical strategies in many pieces of work. I will use this novel in conjunction with supplemental readings as a way to provide students with practice. The students will have to figure the main idea of the novel and connect it with rhetorical strategies being used. The students will have to create their own arguments using text as evidence about themes that are found in the novel. Most importantly the students will be accustomed to how a 12 grade literary novel is written, exposing them to nuances when introducing characters, themes, and plots.  \n\nWhat the Dog Saw will be the first full-length non-fiction book that my students have ever read. Each of our units is thematically focused on an element of social justice and the articles in this book touch on many of those issues. What the Dog Saw illustrates the tenacity and ingenuity that propelled many amazing individuals to success along with a discussion of the social impact of such success. These stories will not only help motivate my students, but will also help cultivate their skills. 
685:::Of my 6 Geometry sections, no two are alike due to the varying social and ability level dynamics the students bring to the table. However, what is consistent is the highly structured, high expectations environment my co-teacher and I provide every day. \n\nMy co-teacher and I teach 10th grade Geometry at an under-performing public high school in Washington DC. Ours students are eager, boisterous young adults that range from 14 to 16 years of age. Like most teenagers, they're trying to juggle forming their identities, doing well in school, and addressing life's problems all at the same. They come to the classroom with a wide range of ability levels and, unfortunately more often than not, a lack of structure. Therefore, we continually strive to meet our students where they are academically and provide a consistent structured environment where the students know what to expect each day they walk through the door. \n\nMy students need two Apple iPad Minis to watch instructional videos and complete interactive exercises through various online applications.  At two separate instances during a standard 80 minute lesson, students have a 15-20 minute block for independent practice. During this time, we are circling around checking work and assisting in misunderstandings. We've also been fortunate to have created a culture where the students really collaborate and help another out. However, where we're lacking is being able to push those students who are at a very high ability level and properly accommodate for those students who are several grade levels below. Fortunately, there are numerous on-line resources available (eg Khan Academy, LearnZillion, etc.) that meet students where they are. We want to utilize those resources during our lessons via the iPads so that the students can remain at their desks and continue to be a part of the class. \n\nWith two iPads available in class, students at every ability level will have access to material that is tailored to them. We can provide a challenging educational experience for our high flyers without leaving others behind and supplement instruction for those who are struggling so as not to alienate them from the material or class. By maximizing every students' mental capacity in mathematics, we hope to make the most of their education. 
686:::The first few weeks of teaching kindergarten are a blur. My job is to transform 24 little kids into readers, writers, mathematicians, and scientists in 10 months. I'm ready for a challenge. Bring it! \n\nMy 24 kindergarteners are all English Language Learners at a high performing charter school. We are in school for 195 days and have an extended school day. I currently teach transitional kindergartners and Kindergarteners . Some have been to pre-school and some have not. We teach to a workshop model for reading and writing. This means I read to them poems and books at least three times a day.\nTeaching to a workshop model means we do author studies and look at books everyday. For years my trusty Elmo document camera connected to the school projector and I would place all types of books, writing samples, and math problems for all my students to see. Remember, my kindergarteners never had a math book before so they don't know what 'turn to page 125' in their math book means. Placing the math page under the document camera made it so quick for the students to find the page on their own. \n \n\nWell, it finally happened. The projector overheated and it no longer works. I am proposing a projector so I can connect it to my document camera and continue to offer an excellent education to my students. Having a teaching assistant for 50 minutes a day means I have to find ways to help students gain develop their confidence and independence throughout the day.\nWith the projector I will be able to turn any book into a big book and ensure that all students can see. I will also be able to place any students writing sample and we can discuss how to help the writer develop their writing skills. I will also be able to use my CD ROM collection of emergent readers that highlight high frequency words and show students that print moves from left to right. \n\nTeaching Kindergarten is completely different than it was a decade ago. With that said some students are coming to me never have been to school before. A projector will help me establish routines and structures so that young learners will gain independence and confidence. By projecting onto a screen, all students will be able to see what is placed under the document camera. Transition times to another activity will be greatly reduced so that learning can be maximized. 
687:::My hard-working 2nd graders and I need every resource available to meet the varying needs of our classroom population. My sweet 2nd graders who are acquiring English, especially, need more access to resources available on the computer; we need this to be easily available to all students in class. \n\nWe, my sweet second graders and I, work hard each and everyday to do all we can to become stronger readers, mathematicians, scientists, and citizens! Closing the achievement gap is an ominous task, and it takes a huge variety of resources to try and meet the needs of students struggling to catch up and challenge those who need a little more. It's imperative that my class has fast and easy access to the plethora of resources available on the Internet today. \n\nChromebooks allow students access to the vital educational resources available on the Internet to support literacy, math, science, social studies, and research skills. It's easy to see the power of these learning tools when you observe  the enthusiastic smiles and excellent focus of the students when they work with a Chromebook device.  The Chromebook will allow students to work at their own level on any subject matter, whether they are struggling and need to catch up, or if they are a student needing the ability to delve deeper and add challenge to their learning.  Chromebooks offer an invaluable tool, allowing teachers to truly differentiate according to the specific needs of their different students. \n\nPlease help me meet the many needs of my darling students. Chromebooks in our classroom give us the lifeline we need to the many resources that will make a colossal difference to these sweet students' education! 
688:::The library is the hub for the whole school. To keep it supplied, supplies the whole school.  \n\nMy students are low income students. The majority of them live in government housing and receive free meals. So the library to them is a whole new world where they can get materials and learn about things they have never experienced before. Seeing them learn new things is a fantastic thing.  \n\nMy students need ink cartridges. My students will use the ink cartridges to create reports and so much more. I will also use it to create materials used in library lessons, centers, displays, etc. My students have really enjoyed having different stations in the library where they can explore various materials and having the ink to print these materials is invaluable.  \n\nMy project will make a difference in the quality of materials and lessons I provide my students. They will also be able to do so much more in the library such as stations and allowing them to print out resources.  
689:::I work in a high needs area in NYC.  It can sometimes become very challenging but is always an adventure.  My students are from all different backgrounds and social status.  I want to instill a sense of pride within these children. \n\nMy students are a rambunctious group of kindergrtners who are eager to learn.  They enjoy art projects, thematic play, and music.  Because my school is located in a high needs area there is little funding for music and other extra curricula activities.  Most of the materials used in my classroom I have purchased.    Entering kindergarten children generally cannot read or write. The foundation of reading is art or visual aides for a student of general ability.  A challenge when teaching students with disabilities is planning to teach through multiple modalities.  With a lack of materials this becomes a problem.  I believe all students deserve a well rounded education that includes the arts.  Through art I can teach the children how to respect the classroom materials while making something beautiful they can be proud of. My goal is to instill a sense of pride and respect through art activities \n\n I use art as a motivation for students to complete their academic assignments.  I link each art project to our unit's theme. The students must complete the assignment correctly and then they are invited to create a corresponding art project.  Ex: We read a book about life in a pond.  In math we created a frog and a duck using geometric shapes.  Using watercolors, yarn, construction paper, and coffee filters we built 3D models of lilypads. The class also created a class mural/diagram of a pond including labels.    \n\nMy goal is to have the students become lifetime learners.  You cannot put a value on having the materials to motivate students to learn.  There is no price tag on instilling a love and pride in education.   
690:::When was the last time that you turned on the television and heard a positive story about autism?  Too many times we are told by the media what our kids with autism can't do, and we are bombarded by statistics that can be very overwhelming.  We are trying to change that by sharing our story. \n\nI teach art to 150 students with autism in grades prek - 8, and for the last 3 years, we have been creating amazing larger-than-life murals to spread autism awareness and show the nation what kids with autism are capable of accomplishing when given the proper supports. \n\nEvery time we turn on the television and hear about autism it is all negative; we want to change that. Through our art projects we are trying to provide inspiration for those who have a loved one with autism, and change the perception of autism for those who do not. \n\nMy students have created amazing murals of Martin Luther King Jr., Barack Obama, Rosa Parks, Oprah, Lucky The Leprechaun from the Boston Celtics, Boston Mayor Thomas Menino, Ellen DeGeneres, Senator Elizabeth Warren, just to name a few.  Each work of art is made from tens of thousands of tiles, in fact, our latest mosaic of Ellen was made from 33,264 tiles.\n\nThe materials that we are requesting will allow my students to document the creative process that is involved in making the huge works of art that they have become known for.  \n\nWe will be able to make month-long time lapse videos of each project from beginning to end, that we will be able to post to youtube, and other social media websites.  \n\nMost importantly, we will be able to spread Autism Awareness to a much larger audience through our artwork.  Hundreds of hours of hard work goes in to all of our projects, and with these supplies, we will be able to document all this hand work, and show people how much effort goes into each masterpiece we create.   \n\nWith the GoPro camera and mounting accessories, we will be able to show the world what our students with autism CAN accomplish when given the proper supports! \n\nToo many times students with autism are judged by what they can't do; with these supplies, we can show the public what they CAN do.  We have had great success in creating works of art that show what students with autism are capable of accomplishing, and through these works of art, we are trying to change people's perception of autism.  \n\nWith this project, we are providing people with a positive view of autism, and we hope to share our story of hope and inspiration with the world!!!   
691:::Kiss your brain! Hug your heart! Change yourself to change the world!"\n\nIn our classroom we come to school for two reasons: to enhance our intelligence (kiss your brain) and to become the best people we can be (hug your heart). \n\nMy team of learners is thoughtful, creative, curious, caring and driven. They know that it is their job to take care of the earth and as their teacher I feel obligated to expose them to as many forms of life, beauty in unexpected places, role models and tools to leverage both their intelligence and empathy. \n\nStudents will engage on a journey alongside their new insect friends. Throughout the process we will journal about our scientific observations, taking note of the habitat that we have created and the changes that we observe. \n\nIn addition to feeding our scientific minds, we will enhance our writing skills by reflecting on how we are different and similar to the butterflies. We will relate their growth to our own.\n\nAfter releasing the butterflies we will have a metamorphosis party. I have scheduled the arrival of the insects so that they will be hatching approximately 2 weeks before the end of school. This will come just in time to truly celebrate our growth throughout the year. We will make beautiful butterfly masks that synthesize our scientific understanding of butterfly wings and our artistic skill. \n\nThis project will simultaneously connect students to the natural world in yet another way, and provide an opportunity for them to reflect on their own beauty. It will be a wonderful way for us to close out the school year and build excitement for the changes that are yet to come.\n\n\n"We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty."\n\nMaya Angelou 
692:::The biggest challenge I face is getting my students to touch and interact with math on a personal level where they really feel they are connecting with the lessons.  \n\nI teach in a pre-kindergarten program that serves under-privileged children from low income homes. These children are eager to learn but have a difficult time because some are not exposed to these things in their home environment. \nLearning things without touching, manipulating and seeing things becomes very difficult for them. Many of the things we teach have to be taught repetitively in different ways to help them grasp simple concepts. Others are blessed to have parents who work so hard to help them achieve despite the income gap! We are truly lucky to serve these children.  \n\nThe students will be able to manipulate the geometric shapes to learn what 3D shapes look like. They will be able to play together during Work Time and measure what various items weigh. The visual timer will help them gain a better concept of time. The rubbing plates will be used in their math journals to help them with fine motor skills and number recognition. There's no limit to what we can do with these items! \n\nDonorschoose.org has been the biggest help to our classroom in getting the materials we need for our students. Our goal is to improve each child's ability to perform better in school - give them a fighting chance to keep up with children who come from higher income homes. With your help, we continue to do that.  
693:::My technology classroom explores the future of technology and our students career choices. By exploring these issues they can set in motion the technologies and thinking that will build the future. \n\nThough curious, my students lack the knowledge of the possibilities available to them. Exploring museums and manufacturing facilities are not in the realm of what I can provide in class or through field trips. I use the Internet to expose them to as much as I can, but nothing beats the hands-on approach of actually creating your own. The Nexus 7 is the best technology we have on the horizon. The possibilities are limitless. Getting the students to imagine the future will go far to creating it. \n\nI envision a class where every student gets a chance to design, imagine and finally produce their own new product. Our curriculum of technology extends to their career exploration and the future of technology. Students need to see what is possible to envision what is imaginable.\n \n\nAs education funding becomes more and more difficult, giving students new and futuristic vision has become even more difficult. If my students could use the tools of the future instead of being mired in the past, they can create that future. If I can inspire one student with this Star Trek technology, the future is bright. 
694:::Social studies in the early childhood years are crucial if we expect the young people of this nation to become active, responsible citizens. - A Report from NCSS Task Force on Early Childhood/Elementary Social Studies \n\nMy students are three, four or five years old and attend school at an early childhood center in an urban area.  Many of them are considered to be at-risk and have a low vocabulary. They are fun, energetic, outgoing, curious and show a love for learning every day. Their excitement can easily be seen on their faces. \n\nMy students need a wide variety of materials to help us learn about jobs in our community including a work bench, mailbox, books about careers and social studies games.   These resources will help my students learn about various careers around our community.  We will be able to explore in many different ways including dramatic play, literacy and games.  Each of these materials can be used in a variety of settings, including large group activities and small group instruction. \n\nThese materials will have a huge impact in our classroom! Learning about social studies in early childhood is critical, and why not start with learning about careers in our very own community. 
695:::The moments children remember most are those in which they had lots of fun. Playing games to learn new skills and review previously taught skills will get my students motivated. We need games and work stations to reinforce skills in money, place value, graphing, and measurement. \n\nI am a second grade teacher, at a rural school, in South Carolina. My students come from a wide variety of backgrounds. Our school is a CK-5th grade, serving about 500 students. About 75 percent of my students receive free or reduced lunch. Most of my students are enthusiastic learners who are ready to lean new skills everyday. Some of my students lack motivation, yet they are interested when it comes to playing games. \n\nMy students enjoy discovering the magic and power of numbers everyday. We are starting to unlock the mysteries of graphing and algebraic thinking. The workstation materials that we are requesting will help us make this task a little bit easier. My students are also ready to move past recognizing coins. They are ready to count a collection of coins and bills and then decide how much change they will be given back.  Graphing can be a little challenging for my 2nd graders, that's why having games will help them better understand this difficult skill. Right now our math is not really "adding up," however, with the work station materials that we have requested, we will all have the right answers. \n\nThis project is so important to my students because it is one way to get all my students motivated in math. The work station materials will give my students the resources they need to play math games and make leaning fun and memorable. 
696:::Students today are given instructions. Things are already put together for them. Our current climate in education is one that makes all students standardized and they rarely get to express their own creativity or collaborate to create something. I want to fix that with the help of LEGO supplies.  \n\nI teach in a high ability program that runs from first to sixth grade curriculum. I see my students not as a class, but as a group of children that share a room together. They all have their own personalities and special things about them, but one thing they all have in common is the desire to create. They want to create characters, worlds, new pieces of writing, new artwork and other things. They want to create inventions and scenes to display their knowledge instead of simply discussing it. I have some students labeled with attention deficit disorder and some that have been diagnosed with Autism. I differentiate my instruction and take many approaches in my practice, but I want them to truly feel as if they have found a strength and know that I want to reach them individually. LEGO has been a great outlet for the creativity of my children but they could use more to continue their development.  \n\nMy students need a variety of LEGO materials such as eight various vehicles, roof tiles and many road and building base plate sets, to express their creativity while also learning new ideas and concepts in math, language arts, art and science. My students will use these LEGO materials for a wide array of both guided and independent projects. They will be able to display creative thinking by challenges to make objects with 100 pieces, creating dioramas and representing worlds from their imagination, combining technology with these materials to create stop motion videos, graphic novels and quick comics. They will be able to collaborate and create projects together, solve problems and make machines for simple purposes. They will be able to use the LEGOs in math lessons such as geometry, symmetry, multiplication and fractions. They will be able to practice critical thinking skills by seeing an assortment of LEGOs and judging how they had been sorted, what purpose each would serve in a mach \n\nThis project will improve our classroom by allowing my students to have time to actually express creativity, work together in collaborative projects and think critically to solve problems. I can't think of anything other than LEGO that would serve these purposes to students of all ages and interests, along with being used for years and maybe decades to come. LEGOs never dry up like clay, they aren't messy like paint and they are modular and can be adapted to practically anything!  
697:::My class loves Hot Dots and keeps asking for more! We received one set of multiplication Hot Dots in an earlier project and they have been such a hit with my students this year! \n\nI am fortunate to work with a great class of third grade students in a Title I school. I have regular education and ESL learners in my class. My students often come to school lacking basic supplies. They love to read the books in my classroom library as many do not have a wide variety of books at home. I want to excite my students about learning and improve their reading and math fluency this year! Learning multiplication facts and reading on/above grade level is our goal!  It is my job to provide my students with experiences and lessons to achieve their success. \n\nHot Dots are so motivating to my students! The materials that I am requesting will provide instant reinforcement for 25 math skills and 6 science themes. Adding the third grade collection of over 600 Hot Dots math questions and various sets of science cards will provide my students with so many more opportunities for learning. The cards can be used for independent practice, enrichment or reteaching. They can be used in workstations, small groups, or individually. If a student is having difficulty in one area, a set of cards will allow the student to practice that skill at their own pace with immediate feedback from the pen. Students love the self-checking feature complete with lights and sound effects! \n\nThese additional Hot Dots quiz cards and pens will allow more students to practice their math and science skills. My students just have to touch an area on the card with a special pen and they will know immediately if they are right or wrong! 
698:::Our functional life skills class is full of kids that love to learn! We teach through hands-on learning and the creative arts plays a big part of our instruction. \n\nOur K-6 elementary school has 363 students buzzing around our school as they learn and grow. At our school, we have four functional life skills classrooms that support the learning of students with significant cognitive and developmental deficits. We modify instruction through understanding student learning styles, specific student performance levels, and overall student needs. Our whole-school promotes a respectful, responsible, and safe environment. We believe in life-long learning as educators and promote this through modeling. \n\nMy students need art supplies to include clay, crayons, pots, a collage kit and gemstones to have opportunities to be creative and to expand their imaginations.  My class will use these materials across multiple content areas. We like to provide creative learning opportunities.  We use clay to have students create a skeletal system during our human body unit. We teach the life cycle through students growing plants. We utilize art supplies to make thank you notes as part of a writing lesson. \n\nThese supplies will provide our students with resources to learn with creative materials.  We are a high poverty school district and need all the help we can get. Our students will paint, use clay, and supplies to learn and grow! 
699:::Do you remember what it was like when you were trying to unlock the code & learn to read? My kindergarten students are there right now! My students are becoming readers and these Dr. Seuss books will help them soar! \n\nMy students are inquisitive, active five-year-olds attending a public school. For most, this is their first time in a full day school setting. Many of my students come from homes where more than one language is spoken. Many did not know any letters of the alphabet or sounds before arriving in my room this fall. Now, almost all of them know the letters and sounds. They are ready to take off and learn to read! \n\nDr. Seuss engages young readers and excites them about reading. Many of his books contain easy to read sight words that are perfect for beginning readers. The use of rhyme allows beginning readers to predict an unfamiliar word. The Dr. Seuss books will help students learn to decode as well as help build fluency and comprehension skills. They will become a treasured part of our class library and be regularly used during our Daily 5 Language Arts block.  In addition, these books will also allow the students to work independently on reading while I am working with a small group of students.  The Cat-In-The-Hat hat, bow and gloves will allow children to act out the story and come up with new adventures based on the story. Dr. Seuss says, "The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go."  I want my students to go to many places! \n\nThis project will benefit my students in several ways; it will engage them in the reading process, allow them to work independently on reading and provide them with a choice about what to read. Reading is important to all learning. Good readers are successful students who become lifelong learners. I want my students to learn to love reading as much as I do and these materials will help them do so! 
700:::In this, my first year as a Library Media Specialist, I have tried to find ways to make the library more attractive and inviting for middle and high school students. \n\nThe school is a very rural and very small school with fewer than 500 students from pre-K through 12th grade. Most of the students receive free breakfast and lunch at the school. \n\nBecause the school has all grade levels, the library has primarily been used by elementary. They use the Accelerated Reader program through 6th grade, so the younger students are regular and consistent library users. \n\nMiddle and High School students, however, are not. The librarys collection of Upper grade titles is dated and inconsistent. \n \n\nMy goal this year has been to improve that collection and, hopefully, draw more students in. \n\nA Book Club would invite older readers into the library and let them share their reading experiences with their peers. My hope is that a few readers will soon become a lot of readers allowing for more and more book groups to form.  For starters, though, my plan is for the students to meet once a week to read and discuss their books. \n\nFor this project I selected one individual title that the students have regularly requested and one set of titles, allowing for us to read a whole series. \n\nPlease help our students as we begin to build a group and foster the love of reading. 
701:::My junior high students will be in a new environment next year. Due to expansion as a result of annexing another district, we will be in a different building and will lose many of our current elective classes. We would like to add journalism as an elective, but need help with supplies. \n\nMy junior high students are very creative and motivated. They are very excited about the possibility of being the first junior high newspaper and yearbook staff in our district. We have a number of students who struggle with writing and public speaking, so with the addition of this class, we hope to address some of these issues. \n\nUtilizing the Canon t5i DSLR camera, my students will be trained in photography skills with the goal of being published in the school's newspaper or yearbook. They will be the founding members of the newspaper staff and have a sense of pride in their new creation. They will develop their writing, speaking, listening, and artistic skills through this class. With the camera bag, battery pack and memory card, they will also learn proper care and maintenance of a camera and how to store photographs. \n\nOur requested supplies are items we could never afford on our own. Please help my students to explore a new career and skill path by learning journalism and photography skills. Too many students struggle with writing. Help me help them to be better writers and students through this class. 
702:::Every day we meet as a class, often to listen to and discuss books, play math board games or engage in Responsive Classroom activities. Our current meeting rug has had a lot of use and needs to be replaced. \n\nOur class of 18 eager 3rd graders is in an urban school district. The students in our class absolutely love learning and applying their knowledge. For this Donors Choose request, it was the students who measured the area of our current rug, then voted and tallied those votes for a replacement rug. They were thrilled to learn a new rug would be slightly bigger (we couldn't find one with the exact measurements of our old rug) - and measured out the additional inches the rug would cover. Reinforcing their measuring skills for a real life application was very meaningful for them. \n\nWe are requesting a new rug that is clean, inviting and ready for kid action (stain resistant!). We need a rug large enough to accommodate all 18 students. Sometimes we sit in a circle around the edge of our current rug singing Responsive Classroom songs like "Baby Shark." At other times we might gather in closely to listen to a classmate read "just the beginning" of a story they've written...and talk about how a writer can "hook" their readers. A visitor might also observe kids sprawled out on the rug playing a math game to build fact fluency. A new rug will get frequent use throughout the day!\n\nThe rug the kids voted for has a framed border of rectangular spaces which can assist students in recognizing the "space bubbles" of others. This will help reduce teacher directed reminders, allowing for more instruction! \n\nThe students in our 3rd grade classroom look forward to gathering together for activities on the rug. Replacing our old frayed rug with a fresh, new and colorful rug will welcome students to our gatherings. 
703:::An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." - Benjamin Franklin \n\nI teach first grade at a public school in the mountains of Western North Carolina. The children come to school eager to learn! Watching their eyes light up is what drives me to constantly search for new ways to keep them engaged. I want to mold students to be lifelong learners! \n\nI am requesting an iPad 4 with keyboard case and an HP Pavilion laptop to teach my students about money. There are numerous apps that can be used in the classroom to reinforce counting money. The laptop can also be used with the SmartBoard to count, label, and manipulate money. The Hot Dots cards I am requesting can be used in small group to reinforce the skills being taught in class. They will build money skills and will give the students instant reinforcement of correct and incorrect. The requested books will be used during listening center and read aloud to teach children the importance of money in our everyday lives. \n\nMoney is such an important part of our society! I would love to teach my students about spending and saving and your donation could make all the difference in their future. Wouldn't it be worth it? 
704:::A day in our room starts with math. My kids and I love math. They are masters of the fact doubles. We are in search of bringing 3D to life. \n\nMy kids are from lower income families, and we are at 97% free lunch. They are doing their best, considering their families don't necessarily speak English. My class is made up of students that are in foster care, students that are being raised by grandparents because their true parent is an addict, and some students who have at least 1 parent in jail. They are in 1st grade and are happy and enthusiastic learners. \n\nIt makes me happy when my students slip up and call me mom. They know that when they are at our school for 6 hours a day, they are loved, cared for and safe. They love doing math with hands-on manipulatives and love working together. \n\nOur principal is a great leader and encourages the children to visit her at lunch or recess to share what they have learned that day.  \n\nMy students have been doing great in math. However, once we came to the geometry section, they couldn't get it. The 3D shapes are flat on their paper. I have a single teacher set, and you can imagine what it is like with 24 kids, all wanting to hold it. \n\nWe tried bringing in shapes from home, such as toilet paper rolls and balls, and we even tried building our own with paper. They were enthusiastic about it, but it did take us a WHOLE day to make 5 shapes. Within 2 days, their shapes were destroyed or didn't "stack" or "roll" properly. \n\nThey deserve a chance to handle and manipulate a quality product. I want to bring 3D to life and not see it in 2D. My students need a geometry sorting kit, geometry shapes tub, and giant geometric shapes. They will have a chance to work in groups with their shapes, sorting them by flat or curved surfaces and sorting them by number of flat sides. They will have a chance to see and explain which solids may stack and which may not. They can experience why some solids roll and explain why others may not. \n\nThis project will help my students see real solids in the world, explain the words curves and flat, and bring math alive to them. It will help them see that all objects are made from basic solids. Therefore, when they are drawing they will be able to see the solids in the object and build upon that drawing. 
705:::I teach middle school band at a rural school where there are over 250 students in the band program. On a typical day, my classroom is filled with the beautiful sounds of beginning, intermediate, advanced and jazz band students. \n\nMy students are the best of the best.  They are very motivated to learn and become the best musicians they can be.  They have consistently made Superior ratings at Music Performance Assessment for both jazz and concert bands as well as the Solo and Ensemble Festival.  This is the highest rating you can receive.  Since I have started teaching here two years ago, they have never failed to amaze me and put a smile on my face. \n\nRight now, there are some students who are unable to purchase the materials needed for everyday classroom instruction.  Music, unlike other classes, requires a great deal of materials for students and parents to supply.  Right now, we are in need of reeds for woodwind instruments, valve oil for brass instruments, rosin and bows for our string basses and a vibraslap for a song we will be performing with percussion. \n\nMost of the items needed are essential for the production of sound on an instrument.  Without these items, some of my students will no longer be able to play their instrument.  Please help us keep music in these student's lives. 
706:::Love learning. Love challenges. Love yourself. Love others." This is the class motto that motivates students in my third grade class. The students love learning, and they love the opportunity to use technology as a tool to challenge themselves. \n\nMy third grade class attends elementary school in a rural community in Mississippi. They have dynamic personalities, love helping, enjoy learning words in other languages, and love learning how to support one another. They love playing teacher and they get excited when they spot figurative language in texts or casual conversation. My students excel at loving school. One of the things they love is the opportunity to use technology. Unfortunately, those opportunities are few and far between. My students perk up when technology is a part of their learning process; they love everything from online read aloud stories to jeopardy and other academic games that target and review critical academic skills. Currently, I have three computers that work inconsistently- of which two are missing several keys. Because of the limited number of computers, academic websites and supplemental online tutoring are only available to a few students a day.  \n\nI am requesting one Apple iPad and case. This iPad will be used for individualized learning and as early finisher work. My class has diverse learning needs (reading levels range from kindergarten to third grade), and the iPad will allow them access to websites that target individual academic needs by matching students' strengths and weaknesses with activities that help them grow. They will use the iPad for educational apps and websites.  \n\nI would like all of my students to have access to technology on a regular basis. Not only do online resources differentiate for students, but they are stimulating, engaging and enjoyable. They captivate and maintain the focus of active students; ensuring that time is spent effectively. These are remarkable children who deserve access to tools that excite them and put them on a path to long-term success 
707:::In our classroom we consistently use technology to stay engaged in challenging mathematics. We use animation, graphing, and gaming to discover, reinforce, and practice important concepts. \n\nThe students at the our high school come from all over the city eager to learn and achieve, and focused on a goal to to to college and complete a degree. Most are aiming at a career in the medical field. Mathematics is very important to their success in the sciences. One hundred percent of our students receive free lunch, and many do not have regular access to a computer. \n\nMy students need two Chromebooks to use for computer programming on a web-based platform called Scratch. Scratch is a programming platform developed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to inspire students to learn computer programming. Students will use the Chromebooks along with Scratch to program their own games and animations which will reinforce the mathematical concepts we are studying. At the same time they will be learning the logic of computer programming or coding. They will share their projects with other students around the world in the Scratch community as well as with each other. \n\nThe impact of this project is twofold. Students will learn to code and code to learn. Learning the logic of computer programming, or coding, will help students in many areas of their studies. Students will enjoy the result of their creation by sharing it on the Scratch community and with their peers. Some may even be inspired to pursue a career in computer science! 
708:::I have students who need to be challenged in class.  If they stay on the normal class pace, they will not be challenged or perform at levels they need to be fully successful in their endeavors. \n\nThese students who would use this iPad are advanced students.  They like to do inquiry based learning and explore on their own.  These students like to explore the world from their own desires and curiosities.  I have four to five of these students in each of my class periods.  They love using technology like this, but none is available. \n\nMy advanced students will use this iPad to explore the world of science.  I may give them a topic or they can work on what they are interested in.  Students will be able to quickly look up information that is necessary for their studying and exploring.  Students will be able to make presentations, movies, and anything else creative that they can do on the iPad to show what they have mastered.  Right now, they don't have anything like this in our science department for students to use to help them explore science.  This iPad will make my advanced students have a more successful experience in school. \n\nDonations to this project will help my advanced students reach a higher potential than they could without.  They will be able to build more confidence in what they are actually able to accomplish.  This iPad will actually open many more doors that aren't available to them now.  It will be a big confidence builder that will impact their later years of education. 
709:::I have learned that to be successful I must do what I love and to put as much passion as possible into doing it. Watching my students have an "aha moment" is the most rewarding gift of my efforts. It gives me a sense of true accomplishment. \n\nMy students are my inspiration to be a better person. I have realized that I have 182 sets of eyes on my every move, day after day, and what I do may influence them for the rest of their lives. It is up to me to make sure this influence is a positive one. \n\nI can confidently say I have the best 182 students out of my school because in my classroom we are a family. Each of them watching out for each other, and building each other up. \n\nWe all come from different walks of life, but when they enter the door, we are all there for the same reason: to learn something new, and to help each other along the way. When they leave the classroom, they walk into the halls of the best high school in the district, where school spirit and pride breed success. \n\nThe resources I requested will allow students to take a concept that is hard to visualize (DNA), and allow them to build a model they can manipulate to learn a concept that is much more complex than paper and pencil can teach.  \n\nThe incubator with egg scope will allow the students to watch life development in just 21 days, while they learn about the body systems, and then experience the amazing sight of a baby chick being hatched.  \n\nThe five K'NEX DNA replications and transcriptions sets and the macromolecules kit and four refills will allow my students to see how these four macromolecules are essential for life, and understand how they are made hands-on. This concept is discussed in class for the entire year, and the kit will help my students understand why macromolecules are so important. \n\nMy students' lives will be changed by these projects because we are always looking for fun ways to learn difficult concepts. Learning about life (Biology) is something that can be very difficult. Any hands-on activity will improve my students' understanding, and make not only the course, but the all important STAAR/EOC much more successful. 
710:::As much as my students love learning and working in the classroom, they also look forward to that recess bell! At recess, they are free to get moving and create their own games. Unfortunately, we have little to no playground supplies like balls, ropes or other games. Getting active is very important! \n\nMy first graders are 6- and 7-year-old students who are quickly learning to read, write, solve math tasks and experiment in art and science. They are very attentive and look forward to each new activity we do in the classroom. Because we are a Spanish / English dual immersion school, they are also bilingual. Through playground play, they build cross-cultural relationships and communication skills. At recess, they learn games, chants, rules and role playing in both languages from each other! \n\nIn the classroom, they are learning all subject areas, some in Spanish and some in English. Each child has the chance to be a language model and a language learner during the day. They are very empowered to participate, share and grow. We are a community centered school and strive to provide an exciting and engaging bilingual education. Families from different cultures and language backgrounds are brought together as well. \n\nRecess time is an important time for growth, exploration and freedom for my students. Beyond the safety rules, students are free to create and play! Sadly, our school has an extreme shortage or playground equipment. Our budget is such that we cannot allocate much funding for balls, ropes or other games. \n\nMy students need 3 rubber balls, 2 footballs, 6 basketballs, 4 jump ropes, 12 streamer ribbons and 12 wooden eggs w/ spoons to develop coordination and to get active! With the materials in this proposal, we'll have enough ropes, balls, streamers and more so that students can have choice, play together, learn games and get active! Why is physical activity important? Jumping rope, throwing, catching, kicking and dancing develop motor skills and coordination. Pretend play lets students use their imagination and be creative. Getting active helps children feel good about themselves. They feel proud after learning a new skill such as shooting a basket or balancing an egg on a spoon while walking. Being active at recess will help students return to the classroom refreshed and ready to focus. It also gives students a chance to shine in a nonacademic area. \n\nI cannot stress how useful the playground equipment will be for my students. They already look forward to being active at recess and will soon be able to have many options. They will learn lifelong interpersonal communication skills about sharing, teamwork, inventing play and rules. These materials will not only make recess a more enjoyable and memorable part of they day, they will also prepare students to return to the classroom focused and prepared to continue learning and studying. Thank you! 
711:::It never ceases to amaze me that magnets have a magical power over children. Even children with more challenges behaviorally and educationally needs are entranced by the powers of magnets. \n\nMy students are 5th graders who are included in 7 regular education classrooms. They are 16 children with a combination of disabilities from Intellectual Disability to Autism to Specific Learning Disability, with some major diagnosed behavior disorders. They try their best but active, hands on teaching and learning is what is needed but not readily available. \n\nMy students need magnets. These magnets will allow my students to explore their world on a basic level. Once they are comfortable with these magnets and the qualities they possess. For my students, retaining arcane scientific concepts are not as important as learning to express yourself, both verbally and in written form. These materials will give my students the opportunity to be more expressive. \n\nDiscovery! Exploration! Learning! These are important elements in any classroom but in a special education setting they are an integral part of that program. Also, a third of my students are speech/language impaired and these materials will allow my students to express themselves. 
712:::Can you imagine walking into a library that had no books? What if you were in love with reading? What if it was the first time you ever walked into a library? Would you go back? \n\nMy students love to read. But, our library books are mostly out-dated. Many of the books in our school library are from the 1950's. The students are not interested in these books and, as a result, they are losing interest in reading. Enjoying a good book should be free for kids. Many of our students or their parents cannot afford to buy them good books to read. Can you help us to re-create an environment that the children will love and that will create a lifetime of learning? \n\nGraphic novels are a huge hit with children especially with children who really do not love to read. This is a great and exciting way to get them hooked. The books that have been selected are graphic novels but they go hand-in-hand with our curriculum. What better way to learn about Mythology or some of our great explorers than to pick up a modern-day comic book that is chock full of information?  \n\nWhen I became the librarian in July, it was completely unappealing to the students. I began with a face-lift (i.e. new paint job, a mural painted on the wall, and some quotes by some amazing authors). About 95% of the books in this school library are completely outdated. They are unappealing to the students and in order to get the kids into coming to the library and either sustaining their love for learning or by inspiring it, the library needs new books. Your help would be greatly appreciated. 
713:::Things are running low, and we still have several months to go. What are we to do? \n\nInquisitive, talkative, energetic, fun-loving, lovable, happy, smart...need I go on? You get the picture...a teacher's dream class. I have a great group of little kindergarteners. They keep me on my toes. There is no chance that I can stray with these little rascals at my feet. They are on top of things. From looking at them you would never guess that the majority of them come from homes that sit well below the poverty line. Although our school is considered Title One you would never know if you stepped one foot in our room . \n\nClassrooms need certain things to function on a daily basis, and our supplies are starting to run low, from crayons to markers to pencils. You never realize how fast a group of eager little kindergarteners can go through just the basic supplies. No matter how much I stock up on at the beginning of the year...it never fails...I always need more. Without these supplies my little ones cannot do the simplest of activities, such as color, draw, write, create masterpieces, etc. \n\nPlease help keep these basic supplies in our hands. Without these simple materials my little ones lose out on a lot of valuable experiences. And, we still have a lot to learn and do this year. 
714:::Nonfiction helps build background knowledge for students, which broadens their informational base! It helps improve their reading skills while preparing them for the future. \n\nMy students enjoy reading nonfiction, but we have a limited amount. I teach in a high-poverty school district, and many of my students have limited background knowledge. The books I'm requesting come from the very engaging "Who Was...?" series. This series tells about important people in history, while also telling many other important facts about history that the children might not have otherwise been exposed to. I'm also requesting a few books on how to deal with bullying and how to be a good friend. \n\nMy students will be using these books during our Daily 5 rounds. They will be able to use them to read to themselves or read with a partner. The books will also be used to teach reading skills to individuals or small groups. In addition, they will also be great for researching information! \n\nThis year alone, 23 students will have all of these books available to them. You never know when a certain book will reach a student - magic can happen at any time! Thanks in advance for helping make many things possible for my students. 
715:::My students are in a special needs high school in New York City. My students are in a 12:1:1 setting. They are hungry to learn and are all in when it comes to hands-on learning through technology.  \n\nMy students are astounding HS special needs students. Though their learning styles may vary, they learn best through visual and interactive supports. By giving my class the opportunity to learn at their different levels and learning styles, they will not only be cognitively engaged but will have the hands-on fun in achieving academic success. Majority of their learning styles are practiced through repetition. The iMac will allow the students to work collaboratively with their peers in creating iMovie projects, classroom newsletters and presentations, as well as assisting those in the class with visual impairments. \nI have 3 students who are in wheelchairs, 2 visually impaired students and 1 that requires the use of a walker. Academically the students are on a Pre-K - 2nd grade level. Technology should be enforced in all aspects of their lives to increase their awareness and their eagerness to learn. Please help make our dream come true and get an iMac in our classroom today!     \n\nI am requesting  1 iMac desktop for their classroom to work on a variety of projects in school. The students will use the iMac during instructional time.  We currently have a SmartBoard in the classroom which will be connected to the iMac to make instruction hands-on and interactive. To be able to allow my students to create their own masterpieces would excite them beyond words. It would be outrageous to be able to give my kids the best in the world. Students will create and edit movies using iMovie for current projects in the classroom. \n\nDonations will improve my classroom in a tremendous way. My students will be exposed to new technology that will impact their learning in a positive way. This will also last several years where many students can benefit from it.  \n\nThe iMac in the classroom will assist in differentiating instruction for all of my students to ensure that all of their learning levels are met. Students will be cognitively engaged in activities that are tailored to their leanings styles and academic needs. Your generosity will allow my students to learn at their own pace and expose them to resources that will expand their reading, written and verbal skills. The use of the iMac will also develop their fluency and creativity and much more. 
716:::My reading class is split into two blocks. One block is where we practice skills to master the 6th grade state standards and the other block is reader's workshop. During workshop, students are reading texts on their level, receiving individualized instruction, and building their love of reading. \n\nA full 95% of my students receive free and reduced price lunch and approximately 80% are English language learners. They are committed students who work hard every day in order to strive for college and create opportunities for their future. My 6th grade classroom is full of great thinkers and scholars. \n\nMy students need 5 tablets and 5 tablet protectors. Every one of my students needs individualized instruction that meets their learning style and academic needs. My English language learners benefit greatly from audio books. My visual and kinesthetic learners thrive with technology. I envision five students during our workshop block reading books with audio on the Kindle Fires and using applications that help grow their fluency or comprehension skills. \n\nIf all of my students read at grade level, they will find great success in all content areas and will be college-ready. Furthermore, they will be able to comprehend more challenging texts which builds critical thinking skills. 
717:::We are beginning a mentorship program to develop social and emotional skills within student-athletes. Part of the mission is to improve self-esteem, academic performance, and strengthen family relationships. \n\nMy school is surrounded by a small number of homes, synagogues, a YMCA, commercial developments and a police department. The population consists of minorities which include African Americans, Latinas, Anglo-Saxons, Asians and the Jewish community.\n\nThe majority of my students live in the community or neighboring areas, which consists of low-income, undereducated families. Therefore, our program targets youth and families who have below-average school performance, poor social skills, and/or weak family bonds. These ten student-athletes are from grades 8th-12th in the New York City Tri-State Area, both female and male. \n\nThe mentorship would like to empower our student-athletes to become a model citizen of their home and school communities. With the skills learned throughout the program, it is our goal to reduce substance use, violence and other risk behaviors. \n\nMy students will need tablets to complete the academic requirements of their mentorship program. The electronic devices donated will allow the student-athletes, who may not have had the means to access electronic devices, to work on mentorship activities and school course load. The students will be given these tablets to keep in their homes.  With the devices, they will conduct research on what it means to be an active member of society. \n \nThe program  shoots to develop our youth to become model citizens with the expectation of these students becoming leaders of the world. Turning the pages of a book and copying information from a chalk board is the traditional way to learn. However, in this day and age, these methods of learning have become very challenging. Students are losing their focus in the classroom. But through the use of technology, students will pay more attention and will become active participants. \n\nThrough this mentorship, our goal is to make our youth aware of their voice. We hope to aid them in finding their voice, and showing them how to use their voice to make a difference in their lives and the lives of those around them. Our youth need to know that they matter too, because they do. 
718:::This year, I am very lucky to have a wonderful group of students who are eager to learn.  Sadly, budget cuts mean that our school can no longer supply much needed materials. That is why I am reaching out to you to ask for help in getting math materials for our math center.   \n\nMy students come from a low-income, high-crime neighborhood in Philadelphia. Despite the challenges that many of them face at home, they arrive every day at school ready and eager to learn and play. They are funny, curious, kind, and full of personality. Each of my third graders is unique and unafraid to speak his or her mind or stray from the norm; this makes for interesting and lengthy whole class conversations!\n\nI have high hopes for the futures of these bright, hardworking children and I work passionately to serve the needs of each and every one of them. Unfortunately, our classroom is not equipped with the resources necessary to ensure my students receive the quality education they so deserve, but that changes with each project that is funded! Thank you for visiting my page and helping me create an equal opportunity classroom. \n\nMy students will be able to use Mathshark, LeapFrog Explorer, Math Whiz, batteries, and other wonderful math materials to boost their skills in math.  These children are lagging behind in basic skills, and these fun activities will motivate them to practice and learn the foundations they need in order to grasp higher order mathematical concepts.  \n\nWhen learning is presented in an engaging way, students are more motivated to persevere and achieve the skills they need to succeed in math and in life.  These exciting math center activities are just what they need to catch up on third grade math skills.    \n\nMath is so important in today's world. Supporting their learning in this subject can make a huge difference in the opportunities that are available to our children in life.\n\nPlease support these wonderful young people in their eagerness to learn. Thank you!  
719:::Kids today spend so much time playing on computers, playing video games or watching TV that they do not realize the power of imagination. I want to bring back that imaginative play by giving them a career costume set to promote imagination in learning about community helpers.  \n\nMy students are five and six year old kindergartners who are just beginning their journey through school. We are a small rural school in southeast Wisconsin. My kindergarten class consists of students from many different backgrounds, including a variety of students with special needs, low poverty and English language learners. \n\nI believe young students need to learn through a variety of different ways. One way is through play and hands-on materials. My classroom has a center time every day where the students explore the classroom and all the different curricular areas. I want to create a place in my classroom to enhance the students imagination. A place where the students can go to make up stories and pretend to be people from all different community jobs. By using their imagination in a fun way, the students will be able to take that knowledge into their reading and writing. I am requesting a career costume set to promote imagination in learning about community helpers to help my students build their imagination skills and have lots of fun. \n\nPlay and exploration are an important element to a kindergarten student's day.  A career costume set to promote imagination in learning about community helpers would be a great addition to my kindergarten classroom and give the students a new area to use their imagination and learn. 
720:::My students are typical students in that they want to learn and enjoy doing so. One obstacle that often gets in the way of fluid learning is the lack of supplies. Many of my students come from single parent households with several siblings, and buying supplies for each child is not feasible. \n\nI have 23 first graders so far this year. That number can easily fluctuate up or down.  Several families are transient in that they move often and take advantage of living arrangements made available to them by other family members. My school is a Title 1 school in a poverty area.  Around 90% of students receive free and reduced priced breakfast and lunch.  Many students face various personal challenges even before they get to school. In spite of those challenges they come to school eager to learn. They enjoy hands-on activities as well as reading. We do a lot with what we have but could do so much more with basic supplies. \n\nWith basic school supplies we will be able to complete simple tasks such as taking important papers back and forth from school to home. We will have pencils to use, a pencil sharpener to sharpen them with instead of hand held sharpeners that dull as well as leave shavings everywhere.  We will have binders to keep subject papers and projects safe, neat and readily available for instruction. \n\nHaving the supplies that they need everyday is one less obstacle they have to overcome in any given day. It will also provide them with the security in knowing that they have supplies of their own just like the student next to them, not a hand-me-down from a sibling or relative, or nothing at all. 
721:::Literacy is a major focus of our day.  I would love to see my kids reading and writing creative stories by the end of the year.  My challenge is providing essential tools to motivate them to read.  I tell them that "If they work hard it will someday pay off".  \n\nAll of my kids come from very low income families.  Some live in shelters and have nothing.  Others come from foster families and are just wanting to find a home. Some come from families that have both parents working and no time to help with homework.   They ALL want to learn and make a difference in their future.    Our classroom IS their home and having them feel comfortable about learning is important.   \n\nOur school is a low income school with many kids in the same condition as mine.  If I can help these kids in the Kindergarten level then hopefully, first grade will be a little more promising for them.      \n\n \n\nThe shelf I am requesting will replace a shelf that is falling apart.  It currently serves as their Literacy station but it has duck tape all along the sides because of wood splinters coming out.  This new shelf would motivate my students to utilize the literacy center more.  The blue sides on the shelf will match the blue bins for this particular center.  Both my Spanish speakers and my English speakers would know that when they pull a blue basket from the shelf it would go back to the shelf with the blue sides.  This will help my kids keep the bins organized and it would also help in loss of time looking for bins that are placed in other locations.  The shelf would allow me to place more bins with more activities allowing differentiation among the class.  \n\nJust to think what a simple shelf can bring to a classroom is unreal.  Having students with nothing but second hand clothing / toys or with no toys/ donated clothing this NEW shelf gives them a sense of ownership of what they can do to help others when they grow up.  You see this is "planting the seed" that when you receive from others that believe in you, someday you will do the same for others.  By helping you are not only helping with their education but also with their future! 
722:::When it comes to teaching English, the hardest part is finding books that entertain young adults. The easiest way to teach a student is when they don't realize they are learning and they can connect with the material. I want them to remember reading this novel as a positive experience!  \n\nI have roughly 120 eighth graders that read at a variety of levels. The common link between them all is they hate reading! In an attempt to get them to read, I am trying to provide them with a choice of novels. They should not feel forced, but rather excited to read because they chose this novel. It is my goal for everyone to read this novel and not only walk away as a more confident reader, but with a desire to read more. I hope that through donors choose, my students and I accomplish this goal! \n\nWhen we begin our novel study, the class will agree on which novel and we will read the book during class. Through activities and discussion, the students will learn the readings skills necessary to become better readers. Since I have a variety of different skilled readers, Speak is ideal because it's themes appeal to the young adult. This is a sure way of keeping all of my readers engaged. \n\nWith this project, I hope to get students to continue reading for enjoyment. When other students see their classmates not being able to put a book down, they will want to see what the fuss is about. 
723:::My biggest challenge is getting students on their reading level.  My students have obstacles that they face such as high poverty and lack of education in their families.  These factors make learning to read more of a struggle. \n\nMany of my students come from high poverty homes where reading is not always a priority. These students are not read to and are not exposed to new vocabulary in books.  This lack of exposure makes reading on level difficult.  Since many students are not read to they also lack reading fluency. They do not know what reading is suppose to sound like. \n\nThe iPods that we are requesting would allow students to be read to everyday in addition to our usual reading time in class.  The iPods would allow the students to hear stories read fluently and expose students to knew vocabulary. Students would be given time throughout the day to listen and enjoy reading stories with the iPods.  Allowing students to hear a story read aloud to them will encourage them to become readers and hopefully develop a love of reading. \n\nThe iPods would allow my students to get an ear full of knowledge that will inspire them to find a love for reading. The knowledge that the students will gain from hearing the stories read will help them in various subjects and improve reading ability. 
724:::Despite limited funding, I would like to incorporate more technology into my classroom. "We need technology in every classroom and in every student and teacher's hand, because it is the pen and paper of our time, and it is the lens through which we experience much of our world." - David Warlick \n\nI teach two kindergarten glasses (one AM class / one PM class). My school is a Title 1 school in a very small school district. Our students come primarily from low-income families who may not have access to new technology at home. They come to school as eager learners and love using any technology we can make available to them. \n\nI would like to be able to help my students through worksheets by showing them up on the screen at the front of the classroom. \n\nRight now, I post worksheets to the whiteboard with a magnet when teaching, but it is only letter-size paper. With around 25 students in each of my classes, it is difficult for all the students to see. By showing the worksheets in a much larger size, I believe it will better hold students' interest and help them learn that much better.\n\nWith this document camera, I could also have students come to the front of the room to lead the class in answering questions, helping to develop their public speaking and leadership abilities. \n\nAdding this piece of equipment to our classroom will allow me to work on the same activity as my students, at the same time, and project the worksheet onto our smart board. Students will also be able to work on the problems directly on the smart board, giving them the opportunity to get in front of the class and share their skills. 
725:::Science experiments are some of the most memorable moments of our elementary school career!  Help us have amazing memories with STEM from Lakeshore! \n\nWe are a class of emerging readers and writers who face many challenges, but none that we will not be able to overcome with generous help from compassionate people. Our school is considered high poverty with over ninety percent of our students qualifying for free or reduced meals. In our dual immersion classroom, we learn to read, write, and most importantly-to think in both English and Spanish.  \n\nWe will add the STEM books to our library.  The students will be able to read these science stories recreationally during our silent, sustained reading time.  We will conduct the experiments as a class and record our findings.  In second grade, we are starting the scientific method and these items will fit in seamlessly.   \n\nThese exciting science topic will help us across our curriculum.  We will have writing projects based on experiments.  Many of the experiments also involve mathematics.  These STEM products will help the students succeed in every subject! 
726:::Imagine if you never had the opportunity to leave the confines of your own county.  How would that affect your future ambitions?  The 8th Grade Washington, D.C. Trip is beyond an educational experience for some of these students who need financial assistance to go. For many, this trip is life-changing! \n\nThese 8th grade students dream from the beginning of their middle school experience about what it might  be like to participate in the Washington, D.C. trip.  However, some students feel like the trip is just that---only a dream---because they need additional financial assistance to make the trip a reality.  Over 55% of our students qualify for free/reduced price lunch based on income.  \n\nNearly 25% of our students who are interested in participating in this trip have indicated financial need and completed scholarship applications.  The students who will be benefiting from these funds have adhered to strict guidelines for attendance and behavior throughout their 8th grade year.  All students have participated in additional fund raisers by selling Yankee Candles over the holidays and some even have contributed their wages from their career-based intervention employment through the schools.  This trip is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for these hardworking students! \n\nStudents will be participating in an all-inclusive Washington, D.C. experience for 3-days and 2-nights.  The students will be traveling by bus to the Washington, D.C. area through a local travel agency which has on-bus tour guides throughout the entire experience to explain all the different sites to the students.  The students will be visiting all major national memorial and monuments, such as the WWII Memorial, the Vietnam Wall, Jefferson Memorial, Lincoln Memorial, FDR Memorial, Korean War Memorial, MLK, Jr. Memorial, and Arlington National Cemetery.  \n\nStudents will have the opportunity to present a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns which is such an honor!  They will also have tours throughout the Capitol building, visit the nation's important documents housed at the National Archives, and explore the grounds at Mt. Vernon.  In addition, students will be able to investigate the wonders of several Smithsonian Museums, such as the Museums of Natural History and American History. \n\nYour contribution to this project will not only allow the students who need financial assistance the opportunity to experience our nation's history in a hands-on manner, but it will also provide the students with life experiences that will transform their futures.  The students will be exposed to a city with lots of culture, get to take a subway ride, and eat at a nice restaurant.  These experiences will broaden the horizons for our students and encourage greater ambitions. 
727:::My students are longing to use an iPad in conjunction with our Apple TV and LCD projector as a portable learning device.  Students research daily and want to share their new learning with others using an iPad. \n\nAs the school librarian, I teach 493 kindergarten, first, and second grade students in the media center each week for a forty-five minute block of time.  My students range in age from 5 to 9 years of age.  Forty percent of our students are free or reduced lunch status. \n\nMy students are eager to use an iPad to share what they have learned with other students.  Students are daily researching topics of interest and producing products that showcase the new knowledge gained.  \n\nWe plan to use the iPad, the Apple TV, and the LCD projector to project educational apps, websites, ebooks, videos, and pictures onto a whiteboard or white surface to enhance instruction and learning. \nBy enhancing instruction and leaning through technological tools, students are more engaged and motivated, thus increasing student achievement. \n\nThe iPad will provide a fun way to individualize instruction, meet different learning styles, and integrate technology into the curriculum.  Students will be blending academic skills with technology skills that will prepare them for the technologically savvy culture of the 21st Century. 
728:::My 3rd grade Lakers are determined to be readers.  We work in my classroom to increase our reading level, develop of love and purpose for reading and improve our skills so that we can read with ease.  Our 3rd Grade Laker Readers are SUCCEEDERS! :) \n\nWe are 3rd grade students in a rural Ohio school.  Our classroom serves as a double dose of reading in order to bridge the gap between their instructional level and their chronological/grade level.  We have students that are reading a year below grade level and some students that with the help of hard work and intervention are close to reading grade level text.  We work daily in a small group setting (1:4 teacher/student ratio) for 30 minutes daily as an additional reading group to master skills like fluency, accuracy, oral and written comprehension at their instructional level as well as practice with grade level passages.  We also work on decoding skills, mastering word families, and trudging through all of the exceptions of our English language. We are blessed to have the intervention time that we have, and now, we could use the supplies to make the experience even better. \n\nOur Lakers will use the materials requested on a daily basis to aide in improving reading fluency and accuracy, improving written language, decoding skills and written comprehension.  We will use the reading trackers to allow our students to focus  on sentence by sentence, yet still using strategies like context clues to increase our accuracy.  We will use white boards and magnetic letters to show word patterns/families, practice our word sorts and learn our decoding rules, and we will use composition journals to take what we have learned from our books and show what we know by summarizing our stories, answering questions and relating our stories to our own life experiences.   \n\nWe work in a small group setting for 30 minutes daily as an additional reading group to master skills like fluency, accuracy, oral and written comprehension at their instructional level as well as practice with 3rd grade passages.  We also work on decoding skills, mastering word families, and word sort practice. We are blessed to have the daily small group intervention time that we have, and now, we could use the supplies to make the experience even better.  
729:::Classroom environment is what is inviting in Kindergarten.  Help make this one fun and bright! \n\nI will be having 24 of the cutest Kindergarteners!  For many this will be their first year in school.  Others will have had pre-school.  Either way, they will be coming to a "big" school for the first time.  They come from various socio-economic backgrounds and all so eager to learn! \n\nI am requesting materials to get my Kindergarten class ready for school.  I would like to start the year off with some items that will make my classroom very exciting!  How about a chart with their faces for jobs and attendance?  Who doesn't like to see their picture on the wall?  I would also like a 100 chart to use to count to the 100th day for our celebration!  It has pattern cards to make the cards into several lessons at once!  I would also like to get some Common Core materials since Common Core has been newly introduced and I don't have these yet! \n\nI would like to make a difference to 24 Kindergarteners.  I want Kindergarten to be the most memorable year for them.  I would also like for them to leave my class with the same excitement or enthusiasm (or more) as I send them to first grade! 
730:::Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand." Albert Einstein. Experience, experience, experience! Please help us to envision our world! \n\nWe are a wonderful group of diverse learners from the third poorest city in America. I don't want to tell you what we aren't, rather who we are...we are warm, loving learners. Yes, we have deficits but they are not due to a lack of intelligence; rather they are do to lack of experience and understanding of the real world! If you haven't seen, touched, smelled or experienced, you can't form a visual concept. Without a true visual concept your brain is not able to differentiate between reality and fantasy. Children learn from what they are seeing on TV....and guess what...they think "Sponge Bob" is real and he lives under the sea. \n\nLanguage is delayed due to lack of real experience. That lack of language effects reading and writing. Frustration levels are raised, self worth is diminished and it sets the stage for failure! It doesn't need to be...there is a solution...let's get these children to as many real life events as possible so that they understand "real" vs. make believe. \n\nExperience, experience! Think back to the things that you truly remembered from school. Perhaps that science fair or research report project  helped to shape your future. \n\nNot one of the students in my classroom has ever been to the Science Museum, not one! This hands-on experience will concretely prove how a live organism lives, grows and changes. It sets the stage for future learning. By providing this experience you will have created wonder and awe. The children will be able to make sense of the real world.  It will concretely embed what is being taught in the classroom. It will help to scaffold and make sense of our next unit of study. The children will have concrete evidence about metamorphosis, thus expanding reading, writing, research and language. \n\nAfter the workshop the children will tour the rest of the museum.  I can't wait to talk about what they want to know, what they know and what they have learned. This field trip helps to fill in the gaps! Thank you Donors Choose! \n\nAn IQ is only as rich as the knowledge of experience. What you have never tasted, seen, smelled or touched, has no lasting value.  PLEASE help to give these beautiful children a true understanding of the real world. \n\nLearning could and should be rich AND fun. A lifelong learner is motivated and captivated...Thank you for caring and sharing and believing in us! We will make you proud. 
731:::My class is a self-contained, autism room. I want my students to become more successful by decreasing behaviors and learning to socialize with peers and teachers.  My favorite quote would be, "Every student can learn, just not on the same day or in the same way." -George Evans \n\nMy classroom consists of five students. I have grades that vary from Kindergarten to Second grade.  My students are very bright and surprise me every day.  I have two students that are nonverbal and they have made great gains in the past few weeks that I have been in the classroom with them. \n\nMy students would benefit from these snacks because it helps them stay focused and not hungry for the rest of the day.  Many of my students are picky eaters and don't eat their breakfast and/or their lunch.  Snack is a time where all my students will eat.  Their snack helps them to be successful the rest of the day.  Snacks that my students would enjoy would be animal crackers, goldfish, marshmallows, and gummi bears. \n\nThese donations will improve my classroom by providing opportunities for my students to learn and stay focused, rather than being hungry.  It will change their lives for the better by giving them that extra energy for the rest of the day to succeed in their academics. 
732:::Each student has a unique learning style and enjoy hands on activities to learn. \n\nMy students are in K-2nd grade Autism classroom. It is a self-contained room with six students at a Title 1 school in Virginia. We have three English Language learners. Each student has a fun-loving personality. They have unique ways of learning and need materials to help them access curriculum at their individual level. \n\nEach day we have 6 rotating work centers, where the students are able to work on their academic IEP goals in a 1:1 setting. The materials needed are to give the students new reading and math materials to assist in their learning. We have a listening center where they are able to look and listen to books independently. They also work on their reading and basic math skills while working with classroom teacher or assistant. My students thrive with hands-on learning activities. They will be using the materials to increase time, money and addition skills. The reading materials will help them with phonemic awareness and spelling skills. \n\nThese materials will help my students gain reading and math skills. The academic games making learning these skills more fun and easier to learn. New books will help foster a joy for reading. 
733::: Here comes the band and it is a big one! Everyone loves a big band. We do too, but we are discovering some growing pains! We do not have enough instruments for beginners. We need a new clarinet to go along with the four trombones already funded. \n\nOur school houses a very diverse population of students who live in an urban inner stithy students face challenging financial and emotional situations on a daily basis. Yet, they are dedicated, disciplined, and excited about their music making. Our school provides a very positive environment for our students and they love participating in the band program. \n\nAs we build a beginner band from the ground up, the addition of every instrument is important. This clarinet will be a crucial part of the woodwind section and the instrument will allow another one of our great students an opportunity to be in band.  The student will learn the proper care and value of a clarinet, while learning to play the instrument. \n\n Climb aboard our train as we create a beginner band one instrument at a time. This clarinet will be a great addition to the 4 trombones, that are the engine leading the way on our band building campaign. The students benefit from being part of a music making group that has a positive focus and builds leaders for the future. 
734:::My student are very active and eager to learn. They spend most of their day in independent workstations and centers which they really enjoy. I still have some students that are struggling with the ABC's names and sounds. \n\nMy students attend a small public school located in a low income area in Houston. The majority of my students come from low income, single parent homes. Most students' parents are not high school or college graduates and do not have access to technology in the home. Therefore, exposure to technology and enforcement of skills learned at school are not provided at home. Most students lack confidence, initiative, and self motivation, and their only usage and exposure to technology is at school. \n\nMy students will be using the tablets during workstation time. They will use apps that I will assign them according to their individual needs. My students will use the tablets in order to support the classroom differentiated instruction. Students feel motivated and more eager to learn when the instruction is focus in their individual needs. They are always happy when they are assigned their individual work. My students are eager to learn and they love technology! \n\nI am requesting the tablets so that my students can learn the ABC's and play differentiated educational apps through the excitement of using an electronic device that has interactive touch display. My students get so excited when they "play" with technology so my vision is to reward students' effort and for meeting the classroom goals by allowing them to use a tablet during workstations and center time. My student will be Kindergarten and Stanford ready by the end of the school year. 
735:::Remember thinking of your first very best writing in school that you were truly proud of, and telling the teacher you were done? What if after that, the teacher's face had a look of panic because she had no paper for you to write on? \n\nMy students live in a high-poverty area of our city. They are often living in run-down houses and apartments and sometimes even motels or cars. They have to worry about whether or not they have food for the night or a place to stay. They might have siblings to take care of while Mom, Dad, or both parents have to work at night. Maybe they are the adult in charge at home. \n\n \n\nMy students have writing workshop every single day. Each day, for an hour, they can just be a kid, with a wild imagination. They can use this imagination to write down stories. But we need paper, big time. And your donation can help with that! We need all kinds of paper and drawing materials to help us so we can make writing workshop a better time in our classroom. \n\nMy students often have more adult responsibilities than a second grader should ever have to have. This comes as a disadvantage when it comes to school. They have so many other things to worry about that they cannot focus on something as important to their education as writing. My students try so hard each day, overcoming many obstacles. By donating to this project, you can do something powerful that will help these students grow towards becoming strong readers and writers. 
736:::Our day starts with breakfast and then block schedule for the rest of the day. We created clubs so as to break up the learning with creativity. My choice was the Duct Tape Club. These young ladies are very creative and very energetic. \n\nOur school is a Title One school in the north part of town. The student population is 80% African American, about 15% Hispanic, 5% white and Asian. The students here are gregarious young men and women with amazing personalities. Since we are a new school, we have NO MONEY.  \n\nThese young ladies will be creating duct tape dresses for an end of the year fashion show. They are not yet old enough to enter the Duct Tape contest so I wanted to get them creating their ideas early. This will also be used as a literacy challenge in that the ladies will have to describe how they created their dresses. \n\nOur project will make a difference in that the ladies will have to construct patterns, use measurements, and use writing skills. Self-esteem is a large problem with most of these ladies, so to create something this elaborate and show it off later, in front of their peers, would help that become a positive moment for them. 
737:::I have the pleasure of teaching students with severe special needs.  The students love to create things with their hands more than a pencil and paper.  We have built a school garden that is tend to by the students and staff in the class.   \n\nThe students have special needs that include Autism, Down Syndrome and Intellectual Disabilities.  They range from 2nd to 5th grade.  The students love to work in the garden and learn about plant growth and recycling through composting.  We collect the cafeteria scraps everyday and feed our worms and fill our composter.  \n\n \n\nDonations to this project will assist the students in learning hands-on.  Many of the students have physical disabilities that make using a pencil difficult and they often become frustrated in trying to complete a task.  But, when they are in the garden, the physical disabilities become almost non-existent and the students feel a sense of accomplishment when the are able to pick fruits and vegetables from the garden.  They enjoy the real life learning experiences they are able to have while working in the garden: seeing trash turn into compost, watching a seed sprout into a plant, harvesting food, and learning about the water cycle. \n\nDonation to this project will improve the lives of the students by helping them to feel a sense of accomplishment in an environment where they often feel defeated.  Also, while working in the garden may seem like a lot of fun to the students, they are also learning real-life skills that they can take with them forever. 
738:::At the high school level, I currently have 54 band members that I see throughout the day. This includes marching band, pep band, and jazz band ensembles. My students have a desire to work hard and achieve advancements in county, district, and state competitions.  \n\nThe school is a Title I school, but very little funding is provided through school funds for the band program. My students love working in band and learning to play new instruments. They easily get aggravated with constantly having to adjust stands in the middle of rehearsal or during a performance. They work hard to learn their music, and I just want them to have the opportunity to continue to play without interruption from the stands falling. \n\nThe students will use the band stands in the band room at the high school, and they will also be transported to the gymnasium or student center for performances. The students will be able to place their music pieces on the stand without having to stop and readjust their stands if new ones are given to the program.  \n\nThe donations of these stands will help keep the class constantly flowing and practicing without them having to stop in the middle of a piece of music to adjust a stand which in turn hurts their sections during performances. I want to see my students excel at their music and gain an appreciation for music that can last for a lifetime.  
739:::My students are hungry to learn. They are hungry for books that are current, interesting, and exciting. My students want more selection in our classroom library, and they want to feel that they are part of the bigger world.  \n\nMany of my students come from underprivileged homes with little access to good books. Many of them are learning English as a second language. They crave books to read that they are able to identify with. Books that have characters with struggles that they can understand. Our school has a positive literacy culture that encourages reading and writing, and celebrates the successes the students achieve. \n\nI am requesting books from the 2014-2015 Maine Student Book Award reading list. The students who read at least three of the books are given the opportunity to vote on the book that they think should be awarded the 2015 Maine Student Book Award. I find that students are excited to read these books each year. The books are from many different genres, and across many different styles from poetry to graphic novels to nonfiction. The books are high quality and I often use them as read aloud and teaching tools. The students also get excited because they get to have a part in choosing the winner of the award in the spring.  \n\nReading is the most important life skill for students to master. Without literacy they will be limited in what they can do in the future. I want to encourage my students' literacy by providing them with quality books to read. 
740:::We need technology in every classroom and student and teacher's hand, because it is the pen and paper of our time, and it is the lens through which we experience much of our world."- David Warlick \n\nMy students are using technology more as tools for practice and research. I would like to give them the opportunity to print when necessary and use the computers to enhance their learning. \n\n\nMy fifth graders love to learn. They are energetic, kind, focused, inquisitive, intelligent, respectful, and excited about learning. Our school has a very diverse community which in turn it gives them the opportunity to learn about other cultures. By having this technology in the classroom it would give them another means to learn. It would allow them to use programs that will enhance their learning. The technology would also give extra practice to my students who are struggling in school. \n\nIf we have more computer devices available to my students, more of them will be able to engage in computer based programs that will boost their learning.  The children would be required to work for a certain period of time on various math and reading programs that enrich their learning.  These program will not take away from the regular classroom activities, they will only deepen their understanding.  I want my students to have the opportunity to be the manager of their learning.  Give them the opportunity to choose how they will enrich their learning. \n\nThese devices will allow my students access to many online programs that will help them to reach their academic growth expectation for the school year.  In a class of thirty-two children, the teacher is not alway available to work with every child individually or in small groups everyday.  The hand held computer device will give more children the opportunity to take charge of their learning.  These devices can be used to help support the curriculum of the school.  
741:::My motto is to always honor the word "special" when it comes to special education. Although diverse in learning profiles, my spectacular special needs students all share the drive to learn strategies to help them find engaging, unique, and "special" paths to success at school! \n\nMy wonderful and wide-eyed students have a variety of mild to moderate learning disabilities and range from grades K through 5.  Although learning is more challenging for them than most, they work that much harder and truly want to be successful in school.  I am so fortunate because I get to teach my students for up to 6 of their elementary school years.  It is amazing to watch them learn and grow, and I realize what a great responsibility it is to teach them. \n\nThe materials I am requesting all have to do with gathering data to progress monitor students, and also invite them to take an active role in the assessment process.  When students are involved in assessments and results, it is extremely powerful when they are able to see and find patterns in their learning.  The Reading and Writing Binders along with 3-minute Reading Assessments will allow me to closely track student growth in these areas.  Similarly, On Track software is aimed to track student learning and provide reports on how they are doing.  In sharing results with students and providing feedback, incentive charts and stickers are a fun, visual tool to track progress over time.  Finally, the Eggspert answering system will be an encouraging and motivating way to invite students to "buzz in", participate, and share what they know.  In the end, students will develop and refine their reading and writing skills and simultaneously become stronger self-assessors \n\nWith these progress monitoring materials, I see great things in our future!  Using new inventories and software, I will be able to collect data and identify student areas of strength and weakness.  These materials will not only guide my teaching, but motivate students as well.  Students will develop self-regulation skills through incentive charts and stickers as they make learning gains.  I also envision higher student participation with the compelling Eggspert answering system.  How exciting! 
742:::I teach high school students in a high needs area.  The students are learning how to write computer programs to become more proficient for a STEM career. \n\nMy school is a Science, Technology, Engineering and Math magnet program housed within a traditional high school. Students must apply to the program and be accepted.  Most of our graduates go on to 4 year colleges and universities, then continue their education obtaining Master's degrees.   \n\nMy students need supplies to take notes and work on class projects. I would like to purchase items such as 100 bound notebooks, seven jump drives, , various pens and one gross of pencils for them. With these supplies, students will be able to take notes, create, and print projects.  They will be given the basics to succeed in class.  Using he resources we receive from donorschoose.org, the students will be able to make tangible products to present to the other students (IE.  creating models of computing machines from the past, present, and what they foresee in the future.) \n\nStudents that are well-prepared will be more successful for further STEM classes and a STEM-related college career.  A well-equipped classroom creates well-equipped students.  My goal is to prepare my students as much as possible for their academic and professional future. 
743:::Center time is my students' favorite time of day. I would love to be able to add flannel board to our center rotation chart. It would definitely be a huge hit in our classroom! \n\nI have 18 kindergarten students in my class, and I am sure I will have more by the end of the school year. They are eager to learn, play, and read! My school is a Title I school, which means a large percentage of our students are from low income families. \n\nAfter hearing stories (such as the Gingerbread Man, Three Little Pigs, and The Very Hungry Caterpillar) children can use the flannel board pieces to retell/act out the story. In an age of computers and video games many of my students have never played with a flannel board. What a great way to use their imagination and interact with their peers while learning at the same time! \n\nThis project will help improve students' imaginations, social skills, and storytelling skills.  I still have wonderful memories of playing with my flannel board as a child. I hope my students will make similar memories! 
744:::The band program is growing! We are spending as much money as we can to accommodate for our growth. Unfortunately our budget we fundraise isn't enough. We need YOUR help! \n\nThe band students rival those of the top programs in the county. Every year we have at least one student attend the All-State Band clinic. While a number of others attend our regional and county level events. With that said, my students LOVE music. They sacrifice their GPA, taking college level courses, and in some cases sports or scouting events so they can participate in our band program.\n\nBefore school starts in the fall, the band students attend our preseason marching band camp. We spend roughly 120 hours preparing before school starts (equivalent to a semester of class time) just so they can have a good product on the marching band field. They love the work and blow me away with their drive to be better.\n\nOur music program is competitive in marching, concert band, solo and ensemble, jazz band, and jazz combo. We attend as many festivals as we can because the students want to. They want to get feedback so they can get better. They are a joy to work with!\n \n\nThe Yamaha Tenor Saxophone we are requesting is of vital importance. The tenor saxophones we currently own are in constant repair.  This year we repaired each saxophone 4 times.  The kids who use them treat the instruments with the best care possible.  This tenor saxophone will help the concert band, and jazz ensembles! \n\nYour donation will tell the 100+ band students that their work is appreciated and valued. The new tenor saxophone will save us money in repairs, and also boost the quality of sound in the concert and jazz bands!\n\nThank you for considering us for a donation! \n 
745:::Students at our school face many challenges. Many are English Language Learners. However, our students work hard and are becoming stronger in reading.  \n\nOur students need access to more high-interest books in their classroom library. Studies have shown that students have higher literacy rates in classrooms that have a rich selection of high-interest books at their reading levels. Your donation would help to purchase high-interest books that students could access in their classroom library. \n\nStudents would be able to select the books you provide from their classroom library. They would be able to read these books in class as well as at home. Many of our students do not have access to a great deal of books at home, so your donation would provide much needed books for home reading. \n\nThank you for considering a donation to our project. Students in our class are already excited about reading. With the books you are providing, students will be able to soar in reading!\nThank you!!! 
746:::Our 10th Grade English classroom is a place where literacy is honored and practiced daily.  Currently, we are reading Khaled Hosseini's The Kite Runner, and our discussions of its themes are rich and meaningful. We hope to extend our learning and end our unit with our own kite flying tournament. \n\nMy 10th grade world literature students are inquisitive and thoughtful.  They also struggle with reading and comprehension skills, so I strive to create a space where they may close the learning gaps that have kept them behind their classmates - many for years. My students read hard in my classroom, and I look for opportunities to reward their growth. \n\nEvery day I witness them engaged in the discipline and preparation required for successful entry into the professional sector. I have no doubt many of them will make important contributions in their chosen fields. They attend our public charter school, a career academy located in the southeastern United States, by choice. Here, they gain hands-on experience with the tools of their future professions. From graphic design to early childhood learning, from fashion marketing to broadcast and video production, our students know the value of learning opportunities. I am honored to teach them communication strategies as they travel this path. \n\nI began a unit on heroes by asking my students to name the most honored sports traditions in the United States.  They named events such as the Superbowl and NCAA's March Madness. They understood the concept of sports hype, so I shifted gears and began to describe the Afghan tradition of kite fighting and running. I told them there was nothing bigger than a kite tournament in Afghanistan, and that this tradition would serve as a metaphor for redemption in our reading of Khaled Hosseini's The Kite Runner.\n\nAs we read, our discussions are meaningful; however, I believe my students' understanding of this culture will mean more to them if they participate in the making and flying of their own kites. This grant will supply the materials necessary for each of my 10th grade students to build a kite. We will then host our own kite flying tournament at our school. Funding this project will enable all my students to experience this opportunity and give them insight into another country's culture. \n\nBecause of the unique characteristics of our school, with its emphasis on preparing students to act as forces of positive change in the professional world, I believe my students would make the most of participation in this project. Donations will provide deserving students access to resources not currently available to them and enable them an opportunity to engage more fully with a complex text so they may understand the long-standing traditions of a culture they know little about. 
747:::Have you ever needed to look for information about an artist or how to make something and not been able search for that information?  My classroom is lacking a computer for the students to use.  The computers in the building are always being used for testing purposes. \n\nI teach art to more 300 students per week. The majority of my students come from low socioeconomic homes who do not have access to computers or the Internet. Therefore, having student access to a computer in the art room is a necessity. My teacher computer is currently the only computer the students can use when they are in art class. Many of the 5th and 6th grade students ask to look up information about artist images and information for art projects. A student computer would allow the students to use a computer more often while they are in art class. \n\nAs a teacher, I want the very best for my students. Adding one computer will allow the students to look up items on the Internet and help students learn more about the visual arts. Every school and classroom is moving forward with new technology. I would like my students to have the opportunity to use a computer while in art class. \n\nMy project is important because my students need to learn and look at visual images and information about famous artists. I appreciate your consideration for funding my project and I know that my students and I will be forever grateful.
748:::Mathematics is a more powerful instrument of knowledge than any other that has been bequeathed to us by human agency," Descartes said and I agree with this quote. Math is very important in our everyday lives. My students need added practice to learn counting, recognizing numbers, & counting money. \n\nMy students are a wonderful bunch who are eager to learn and put forth great effort in class with the materials we currently have. I work with a large culturally and linguistically diverse group of learners which include primary grade levels. I work with students who have autism, students with specific learning disabilities, and speech-language impairments. My students attend an elementary school where close to 70% of our students are English Language Learners and 90% of our students receive free or reduced priced lunch. \n\nMy students will definitely benefit from using the iPad tablet in our classroom. This resource will allow them to gain more practice with new math concepts. With the iPad tablet, my students can have fun and at the same time expand their knowledge in mathematics. My students will also use the iPad tablet during math centers by allowing them to gain more practice with number sense and counting money. My students will practice paying exact change by using apps such as Freefall Money, Make Change, Coin Math, Koala Math Money, and many more apps.  \n\nPlease help my students by contributing to an iPad to reinforce math concepts. With the help of this iPad and generous donors, my students will continue to develop a love for mathematics. These experiences will help my students become lifelong mathematicians. 
749:::My students are beginning to discover the beauty of mathematics. Through projects and collaborative classwork, they are making connections and developing algebraic skills needed when they take more advanced mathematics courses. \n\nMy school is located in Brooklyn, NY and is a Title 1 school. Due to this, there are limited resources available. Furthermore, due to financial reasons, most students are unable to purchase their own calculator and are dependent on a single class set. Unfortunately, when the regents exam arrives in June, a requirement is that all students have a graphing calculator. At the moment, this is an impossible task. \n\nStudents will be using the 12 TI graphing calculators for the regents and other classes will also be able to have class sets so math can be taught more by discovery, rather than teacher-centered. Students can use the calculators to discover the effects of coefficients on particular functions, run simulations, and can learn useful multiple choice test-taking skills. \n\nStudents who are lacking some of the foundational skills taught in elementary and middle school should not have that limit with their algebraic skills. Also, students who fail the algebra regents their freshman year have a much greater chance of dropping out, according to statistics. We don't want that happening! 
750:::In our world today, our country needs more students interested in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) careers. AP Statistics is a college-level course that challenges students to analyze data, display the data in understandable ways, make inferences, and communicate their results. \n\nI'm incredibly impressed with the potential of my students. They come from a broad range of math backgrounds (from Algebra II all the way to AP Calculus), yet all of them have shown the persistence, discipline, and insight to grapple with and understand difficult statistical concepts. They LOVE collaborative work: asking each other questions, trying unique approaches, pressing each other for better communication, and complimenting each other on effort and insight.\n\nOur school is a free, public charter school. The staff, teachers, and students work hard to welcome everyone and treat one another like a close-knit family. \n\nOften in math class, the focus is on "getting" the right answer, which may involve long, complicated algebraic manipulations of one or more equations. In AP Statistics, the focus is on analyzing data, making inferences, and communicating our results. We use the graphing calculator to do the "easy" part of giving us the numerical answer. There's a lot of work left for us to do -- what does the answer "mean"?\n\nWith the graphing calculators, students will be able to "crunch the numbers" quickly, then do the hard work of analyzing and interpreting their results.\n\nA typical day in class involves investigating real-world examples (from actual medical studies, sports websites, newspaper articles, etc.) and determining "What do these data tell us? Is the graph deceptive? Is the researcher's conclusion valid?" The graphing calculator is essential to these questions.\n\nWith the book "How to Lie with Statistics," I want to provide students with an accessible, humorous introduction to statistics. \n\nGraphing calculators are expensive! Parents and students struggle to justify purchasing a $100+ device that may be used for only one class. For low-income families this technology is vastly inaccessible. Some parents buy basic calculators without sufficient functionality, putting their child at a disadvantage. \n\nThis project will allow me to offer students the technology they need for success with the AP Statistics curriculum.\n\nThe books are a fun, accessible way to understand basic statistics. 
751:::Students within my room have unique needs and strengths. All students work individually on learning goals specific to them. My students are working on increasing their ability to communicate. Some need special equipment in order to achieve these goals. \n\nStudents in my classroom are receiving special education services through the severe special needs program due to a wide-range of disabilities including autism, low-cognition, Down Syndrome, etc. While all of my students are working on communication skills their abilities to effectively communicate are as diverse as they are. Some are learning to communicate appropriately in social situations while others struggle to express their basic wants and needs. \n\nI believe that one student in particular is not meeting his full potential academically due to his inability to communicate effectively with teachers as well as peers. \n\nIt is very difficult to understand his verbal speech. At times he cannot be understood by extremely familiar listeners including his brother. However, he has a great desire to communicate and has learned to use technology such as keyboards to begin requesting. \n\nGiven an AAC device the student quickly found the voice-output keyboard function and began telling the SLP all about his favorite things. She has been working with him for a year, and he told her more about himself in that one session with the assistance of the AAC device  than he has in the last year. \n\nThe plan for this iPad mini is to include only apps that will enhance students academic learning and communication skills including a symbol-supported communication app. \n\nNot only will an AAC device help this student communicate academically it will allow him to forge relationships with peers who were previously unable to understand him. \n\nThere are not enough tablets/computers in the classroom to assign one to him exclusively. This iPad mini will allow him to express himself clearly and effectively throughout the day. 
752:::Students need to be able to read interesting non-fiction material that they can take home with them. I would love to give my students the opportunity to read the  Time for Kids  Magazine. \n\nI teach 2nd grade at a wonderful Title One Elementary School in Northern California. My Title I students are from low socioeconomic backgrounds and most receive free/or reduced lunch. More than fifty percent of our students are English Language Learners. These students are hard working children who come to school excited about the daily lessons. I would like these children to have every opportunity available that will improve their chances to succeed while understanding our daily lessons. \n\nTIME For Kids Magazines are classroom non-fiction news magazines that motivate kids to read! Issues cover a wide range of real-world topics kids love to learn about.\n\nAssigning the weekly reader for homework would give my children material to read aloud to their parents. Since the articles are about current events I will be asking the children to discuss these articles with their parents then write a summary on the main article.\n\nThese magazines build reading and writing skills and are easily integrated across the curriculum, including social studies, science and math. \n\nDuring class-time we are limited to teach exactly what comes from the curriculum materials. If we had these magazines children would be able to take them home as part of their weekly reading/social studies homework. The articles discuss current events and children will be improving their reading while communicating with their parents. 
753:::My 5th and 6th graders are eager to learn how to play a stringed instrument. They come from 17 countries and many of them are still learning English. This is a poor school district, so there is no money to buy instruments for them. My students deserve a quality education! \n\nMy students are from all over the world. Many of them first spoke English just a few months ago. Music is a universal language. Music can speak to and for these students and help them feel successful. My students are very poor, and the district is providing them free and reduced breakfast and lunch. 17 nations are represented at my school! My students love music. Playing ukuleles will be a wonderful challenge for them. \n\nMy 5th and 6th graders will learn how to play chords on the ukuleles, and they will sing multi-cultural as well as American folk songs as they play. The ukuleles will give my students an outlet for their musical expression, and they will gain a sense of pride and accomplishment. Every day that goes by, I think about how to best meet the needs of these dear learners. They need our help! \n\nEach and every student comes to school ready to learn how to sing and perform on instruments. If we can get instruments into their hands, we will have made a huge difference in their lives. They can learn and reinforce musical concepts and musicianship skills. My students deserve to learn how to play the ukulele. They will remember the experience the rest of their lives. It may inspire them to become musicians in their own right! 
754:::As a student, do you remember walking into a vibrant classroom? Do you remember being presented with vibrant notes that captivated your mind? Do you remember walking into a classroom with content rich information displayed all over the classroom and getting excited about learning? \n\nMy students are 12 individuals who have been diagnosed with varying forms of emotional disturbances/learning disabilities. Growing up in Brooklyn, my students are striving to get better lives than the ones they are currently living. Not only is the deck stacked against them for coming from some of the toughest economic sections of Brooklyn, my students are limited by their below average academic skills. Rather than let my students fall behind, I like to present my students with vibrant notes and displays that educate them about content specific materials. As a teacher, I know that my students need all the help they can get in synthesizing the Regents materials. With that being said, how can I not help my students? They need all the support they can get and it starts with us, their community! \n\nThese materials would provide my students with a classroom that has vibrant notes that break down all the content specific material needed to pass the Regents. Rather than sit back and watch them suffer, I would rather change their lives! The following materials will help change their lives:\n\n3 Quill brand easel pad flip charts\n2 Sharpie flip chart markers\n1 Sharpie permanent 8 pack markers\n1 Sharpie fine point neon pack\n1 Sharpie blade highlighters pack\n1 Sharpie 24 pack fine point\n1 Bic Mark-It permanent 36 pack fine point\n1 Bic Mark-It permanent 36 pack ultra fine point\n1 Bic Mark-It metallic pack\n1 Zebra f-301 ballpoint pack\n4 Zebra f-301 ballpoint pen black ink\n2 Zebra f-301 ballpoint pen blue ink\n1 Sharpie Fine-Tip 24 Pack Assorted\n1 Expo 16 Assorted Pack\n1 Sharpie Permanent Metallic 6 Pack\n1 Sharpie Neon Fine Point Permanent Markers \n\nWhen I decided to be an educator, I made a promise to myself that no matter what, I would not let my students suffer from the lack of educational materials provided due to limited budgets. With budget cuts and limited school budgets, the materials needed to educate my students and provide the vibrant, content-rich materials needed for them to flourish are slowly dwindling. Together we can provide my students with the opportunity that we all had as a child. Lets change my students' lives! 
755:::Our Montessori class in Urban Indianapolis is a model classroom because we integrate Montessori philosophies and state mandated standards and assessments. Our reading is not designed around text books, however uses actual books we check out from the library. \n\nMy students are first through third graders. I am so very lucky to be their teacher for these three years. I am able to find what really motivates the children. With Dr. Montessori's philosophy our community becomes a true family.\n\nAnother aspect of education that I feel is very vital is making sure that the children know that we live in a very small part of the world. There is a vast world out there with different traditions, languages, homes, art, history, beliefs and so much more. One way to explain this is through the simple fairy tales. \n\nSince Montessori schools work on a three-year cycle, we can cover many things in depth. In our classroom, we spend the three years traveling to different continents. Within each continent, we delve a bit deeper into the different countries. (Passport, baggage and luggage all included!)\n\nFairy tales have been written in many of these different countries. It is going to be quite a learning exercise in finding the similarities between these stories. Finding the differences is going to be very enlightening! \n\nFairy tales has been around for centuries, and most of the children from the United States have heard just one version. However there are so many different cultures that have built upon the same idea but with their cultural traditions. (China, Russia, Korea, Egypt, Mexico and even different cultures within America) There are also wonderful stories that give a different perspective for the reader to enjoy! 
756:::Steve Jobs said, "Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future."\n\nIn order to prepare our students for the future, we must influence them in the most positive ways. One way to ensure that our future is bright, is by giving them opportunities. \n\nMy students come from a variety of backgrounds, neighborhoods, and households. They are put together in the classroom, and in groups, with a diversity of other students that they have never quite experienced before. As their educator, it is important for me to show them that it does not matter where they came from, but it matters where they are going. Our school is the place where they forget any troubles they have, and are comfortable enough to rely on one another as a family. \n\nWith their new iPad Minis, my students will be able to work collaboratively and effectively with one another, and with the latest technology. Students will be able to perform research at their desk, as well as share their ideas with one another using the different apps available. Students who are predominately visual learners will have access to visual aids that will give them an opportunity to be more engaged on a daily basis. \n\nStudents will also be able to use their research to create projects through the various education apps that are available. They will be able to take their use of the tablet to the next level, all while sitting with their groups at their desk!\n\nHaving the tablets at their finger tips, they are open to a wide variety of research and information that will help guide their group work along. This will also provide the students with an opportunity to use educational apps to practice ELA and Reading skills when they complete their assignments. \n\nI believe having a classroom with an abundance of technology will keep the students engaged as well as informed. Students with technology at their fingertips are more likely to participate and share their findings in group work, and that is what the main focus of class participation truly is. 
757:::Earthquake! Earthquake!" Imagine what it would be like to be in a classroom where students learn in a 100% hands-on, project based environment. That is what it's like in our classroom. We use real life scenarios to put our creative engineering skills to the test. \n\nMy students are extraordinarily eager for challenging tasks. They are inquisitive and always excited to go above and beyond what is required of them. Their imaginations and creativity are incredible and always exciting for me to see. They are self-motivated and task-oriented. These students are the future of engineering and the face of our youth leaders.  \n\nThe MakerBot 3D printer will allow students the opportunity to have hands-on experiences during their engineering challenges rather than only being able to imagine or see these ideas virtually. They will be able to design models of real-life structures and test their durability during civil engineering tasks. There are so many design challenges they have tackled this year and thoroughly enjoyed from designing bridges and towers to tornado-proof houses. However, a MakerBot 3D printer would bring so many more possibilities to our curriculum and bring a whole new appreciation for the design process while students would be 100% engaged and thrilled to see their very own design come to life. \n\nDonations for this project would allow these students an opportunity they would otherwise never be able to have. My students are always hungry for new technology. A MakerBot 3D printer would be unbelievable for them. This would bring a whole new level of excitement to my students. This would allow them the ability to see into the world of civil engineering and imagine themselves with a career in this field.  
758:::Children love competition, and what's more, they love to write with dry-erase markers!   I create a flipchart with questions from our topic of study, and they work in groups using whiteboards to generate the correct answer. The group with the most points wins!  They love this. \n\nMy students are very eager to learn in the form of music or games.  They also like videos and activities.  I try to keep things interesting in the classroom so the students stay engaged.  Lots of my students come from low-income families.  I try to work in as much technology in class as I can because many of them don't have access to it at home. \n\nI will use the individual whiteboards to allow students to generate answers to questions.  The students love competition, so I will create a game with them using the boards.  I do this now with our test review.  I create a flipchart with questions from our topic of study, and they work in groups to answer that question.  I then say, "Boards up!" and they show their answer.  The group with the most points wins.  The students have grown used to this and even ASK to do it before every test!  I only have eight whiteboards now, though, so one for each student would be really nice.\nI plan to use the periodical/book organizer to organize my collection of science books.  The students read these books and take Accelerated Reader tests on them. \n\nDonations to this project will allow children to show their knowledge in many ways.  The use of the personal whiteboards will allow for multiple question types and group arrangements. \nThe book organizer will make it easier for me to classify my science books by topic, thereby making it more convenient for students to pick a specific topic. 
759:::My students come from a high poverty area and may not posses all the necessary skills to be successful at school. For some of them, this is their first time in class. My school does provide weekly character education lessons and these books would be a way for me reinforce those skills in small group \n\nMy students attend a preschool through 2nd grade school that is almost 100% low income. A majority of them live in public housing and lack many real life experiences.  For many of them, this is their first experience in the classroom setting and learning the many expectations on them within the school setting is overwhelming for them.  They can struggle with learning about  sharing, good sportsmanship, following directions, asking for help, solving problems with peers, making friends, developing relationships with adults, waiting their turn, not getting their way, and respecting the personal space of others to name a few difficulties they face everyday.   They really enjoy learning new things and remember the skills better if they are taught to them in a creative way.   \n\nI have used Julia Cook books for many years as a school social worker.  It is amazing how well the students remember and retain the funny, creative, silly stories and the life lessons they teach.  I read the stories in classrooms, and in small groups and the children's response is always positive.  They talk about the stories for days later and the story can always be reintroduce if needed.  I have used these for many years and my books are falling apart and cannot be taped any longer. \n\nThis project will allow me with more materials to work with children in small group and in the classroom.  Julia Cook books are funny, creative, and interesting enough that the children really do remember the story as well as the character education lesson.  Reading these stories make learning social skills fun for the 3-9 year old children.  
760:::How can I, a humble fourth grade teacher, compete with XBox, Wii, Playstation and iPad? I can't! If I can't beat'em, I'll join'em! I'll bring more interactive technology into the classroom. The kids will have more fun learning than they ever thought possible! \n\nMy fourth grade students are an active and energetic bunch who are in love with all things technology. Most of them have iPads, Kindles and portable game systems at home. I say bring to the classroom the technology that they crave and watch them grow! \n\nWith the document camera and included software, lessons become more interesting. Throw in the interactive portable whiteboard and BINGO! Learning just became more fun! The students will want to help teach the lessons just to get an opportunity to 'play' with the new 'toys'. I'll have more volunteers than ever before! This combination will also play a part in small group activities and learning centers. Students will be encouraged to utilize these tools during their individual or group presentations to the class. \n\nIn an time when technology is quite literally everywhere, kids need exposure to all things tech in order to not be intimidated by the ever-changing face of electronics. By bringing in these couple of pieces to the classroom, they will have that much needed exposure. They will benefit by having more interactive lessons. By using the camera and the whiteboard in conjunction with the computer, lessons will jump off the page. They, not I, will be doing the work! 
761:::Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way. - George Evans \nI teach kindergarten and they are a very active group.  My students are excited to learn and these centers will make learning fun! \n\nDo you remember how exciting it was to play a game, finish a puzzle and be active within your classroom while learning? My students need new, updated literacy centers that are engaging, fun, aligned to Common Core State Standards and our curriculum to ensure they're learning effectively. My classroom is made up of 23 kindergarten students.  My students are excited about learning, but need to be actively engaged to keep their interest. The academic abilities in my classroom vary. These centers will be an additional way to keep students engaged through hands on learning. \n\nMy students love literacy centers!  This is their favorite part of the day!  The centers will be great for independent and partner practice in applying the skills we are working on.  We need centers that will focus on phonemic awareness, phonics, and sight-words.  These centers need to be engaging and structured to ensure my students are learning and become effective readers. My students need new reading centers to keep all students interested, active and engaged in a fun learning environment while I am working with small groups. \n\nThese centers will be educational, fun, and beneficial in meeting my students' needs. Centers are fun for students, however they provide so much support and practice in each skills.  The centers will be great for independent and partner practice in applying the skills we are working on. 
762:::My classroom is a 7th grade social studies classroom located in the inner city of Brockton.  It has limited resources and most of my kids come from very low income homes. \n\nMy students are great kids that come from a not so great area.  They come to school on a daily basis with limited supplies and limited resources.  Most of them come from single family homes and almost all of them come from low income homes.  Many spend their nights caring for younger siblings and have limited time for academics at home.  Anything different we can do in the classroom is a win for them. \n\nTIME For Kids magazine will provide my students a resource that will keep them up to date with current events and, they will help my kids complete projects from research papers to oral reports.\n\nThese materials will be put right to use on a daily basis. \n\nMy kids come from low income homes where food is an issue, never mind magazines.  These magazines will provide a great visual and textual resource that they can enjoy in classroom. 
763:::I want to create a comfortable classroom for my students to become successful learners.  I can do this by providing lesson zones for learning. One of my zones, the whole group area, needs your help!  \n\nMy students have been a joy to teach for the last nine years. They are from a small rural school.  We all have the collective goal of creating successful learners.  The staff and students all know each other by name. We are like a family. I have never been to another school where the students were as respectful as ours. I am proud to be a part of the community and our school.   \n\nI am envisioning a whole group reading area with a comfortable quality-made carpet.  I also see comfy seating around the area and everyone being surrounded by books. This would be a great place to meet for lessons.\n\nResearch has shown that whole group lessons are more engaging when the students are seated close to the teacher.  I have witnessed this in my classroom.  I check understanding better and keep attention using this method of instruction.  \n\nThe rug will also be of use during independent activities. The students may choose to use the rug instead of remaining in their seats.  \n\n \n\nThis rug will greatly help us out. I have purchased many, many rugs in my career and none of them have been made of quality materials. The rugs just don't last! This rug I'm seeking will create a warm, inviting meeting area for us and increase active engagement in lessons.  
764:::The days of lecturing to students as they sit perfectly still in uncomfortable desks are over! Students need motion to stay focused, and replacing my desk chairs with exercise balls will increase student engagement in my room.\n\nMy students work hard! Unfortunately, we have a very small classroom, which makes it hard to move around. We are a rural district, and the majority of our students come from a low socioeconomic background. We would greatly appreciate new exercise balls to replace students' existing metal chairs. \n\nMy students need 27 exercise balls to help them focus in class without becoming restless and uncomfortable from traditional desk chairs. Students would use these balls to sit in, but also to balance and keep their bodies active during lessons. The exercise balls would help students stay focused through constant motion and balance. The balls would also take up less room than traditional chairs, and open up much needed space in our classroom! \n\nYour donation would greatly improve classroom engagement, enjoyment, and the overall learning environment in my classroom. These exercise balls will help students learn, stay active, and stay focused. The balls will also free up much needed space in our tiny classroom. Thank you! 
765:::Tech gives the quietest student a voice." -Jerry Blumengarten The iPad has many applications that can be downloaded and used as enrichment tools, which will help me meet the needs and levels of all my students. It will provide students in my math and reading classes with a hands-on way of learning. \n\nMy school is located in North Naples. My class is a very differentiated class when it comes to learning levels and socio-economic status, as they come from all levels of life. Despite the differences, my students are team players and work together to make our class a family!\n\nMy students are hard workers and strive to do their best, but many times do not have the knowledge or real world experience to apply to what we do or learn in the classroom. Bringing in new resources, books, and learning tools will allow me to help them see and make connections that will help further their understanding. My students are eager to learn and eager to prove to everyone what they are capable of!\n \n\nThe students in each of my 3 math classes will be able to use the iPad to solve problems and record their thought processes verbally. The iPad will allow students to show their knowledge of a skill and/or their achievement of a standard to me as well as to their peers. It will also allow the students to see a variety of problem solving strategies being used and help them develop a higher level of thinking. \nIn reading, my students will be able to use the iPad to help make connections with our texts as we help build a foundation for their background knowledge. This device will allow me to record voice-over whiteboard tutorials and share them with my students, therefore allowing them to learn and practice math and reading concepts from home. It will also allow me to actively monitor my students each day. Students will be able to send responses to questions from their device to mine, allowing me to plan or quickly adjust my lessons to ensure full understanding of our learning goals. \n\nStudents today are growing up in a technology generation. This is a generation that sees everything digitalized and can work a smartphone, device, or computer better and faster than their elders. I believe in helping each student reach their full potential, and I believe that integrating technology into my classroom will help that happen. The iPad is a learning tool that can be implemented in my classroom throughout the entire school year, and for years to come!  
766:::My digital animation students encounter hurdles that are out of their control like limited financial resources and a variety of home languages. Still, they come to class daily and want to learn all they can to be competitive in this new century. \n\nMy digital animation students are a community of urban multicultural learners. The majority qualify for a free or reduced price lunch. My digital animation students are eager to learn but often lack basic materials, including modern computer equipment to support up-to-date instructional animation software. \n\nThis modern computer technology will enable my digital animation students to render their compositions using professional software and techniques. They will now see the animation art they design in its most beautiful form. This technology will provide a power supply with power adapters and an optical drive needed to support the digital imaging software by enabling my students to read and burn DVDs of their animations. \n\nPlease help my digital animation students by providing them with a power supply, power adapters and optical drive. Your generosity will support my efforts to provide modern technology desperately needed so my students can be successful rendering their animations onto DVDs. 
767:::If we teach today as we taught yesterday, we rob our children of tomorrow." ~John Dewey \n\nI teach general music in a high poverty inner city public school in Indiana. Our school has 600 students who love the arts! They are curious, enthusiastic, hard-working, and respectful. They come to music willing to sing a new song, learn a folk dance, play a rhythm instrument, choreograph movement to a song, write a rap, work on a composer project, take tests, and write thank you letters to donors from DonorsChoose!\n\nMy students know that I have an open-door policy in my room! If I don't have a class, they are always welcome to come hang out! Usually this means that they are rehearsing choreography for choir, practicing a song, playing the bells, recopying their Donors Choose thank you letter, or just letting me know how their day is going! \n\nStations! We have been going on a musical trip around our music room thanks to the kindness of generous donors who funded our iPad mini project! My students love technology, and using these six iPads is a dimension which my students need, understand, and are engaged by. There are apps for music theory, sight singing, composing, practicing skills in rhythm, melody, harmony, and of course, Garage Band where they can learn to play a musical instrument! My students need a charging station for our mini iPads.\n\nPresently, we are using two wonderful apps for learning the names of the notes: Staff Wars and Treble Cat! It's amazing how focused and determined the kids are while they are learning and having FUN! \n\nThe only problem we've encountered since using the iPads is finding enough outlets to recharge them! For this reason, I am requesting a charging station which will ensure that the iPads are ready for the next day's use! \n\nMy students deserve every opportunity to explore and create in music. They can learn the elements of music, become budding composers, and performers! They can learn how to record and share their music! To go on these new adventures, my students need accessories to make our minis ready for the day! Thank you so much for considering this project and for supporting my incredible students! All Aboard! Next stop: The CHARGED iPad Mini Station! 
768:::Our school only has one gymnasium often shared by multiple classes. I like to get as many students involved in an activity at the same time as possible. This equipment will allow us to do that and keep our students highly motivated. \n\nThe students at my school come from all parts of a big city. Their talents are incomprehensible to some. I would like them to learn physical fitness activities in order to achieve a healthy lifestyle. I wouldn't want to work anywhere else than with the students I have here at my school. It is because of them that I continue to grow as an educator and do my best to help them. \n\nThe equipment that I am requesting will allow our wide range of students to learn skills associated with the game of football in a safe and cautious manner. The Nerf footballs will ensure that injuries will remain minimal due to impact. The flags keep the games organized and safer as well. The agility skills that students will learn to avoid defensive players, will help them achieve skills that they can use during any organized sport or use as exercise activities. \n\nStudents will be able to use the equipment on a regular basis and enhance their physical fitness. They will be active inside and outside of the classroom because of the skills they will acquire. We have a high request for flag football activities from our student body, and I trust that this will make them glean with joy and continue to learn with high levels of engagement. 
769:::Imagine the possibilities. This is the launch that I will use this year. I want my students to extend their understanding of what is possible. Learning should excite and ignite passions in students and these K'Nex lessons will do just that! \n\nOur school is great. It is a place of possibilities and opportunities. As a charter school in an urban district we welcome students of all abilities and take seriously the charge of giving each child the opportunity to achieve. In our classroom we believe that it takes hard work and fun to create lifelong learners and this project is designed to get my students excited about science. \n\nMy students love to create. You should see the masterpieces they create out of a box of Legos, K'NEX, or even a collection of erasers!  \n\nI am humbly requesting the funds to purchase a kit to create vehicles using K'NEX. Using these materials, the students will see, first hand, how to apply Newton's Laws of Motion as they construct and conduct experiments with their racers. During their inquiries they will discover that science is a field which is accessible to them. I tell my students that they are scientists; now I want to show them that this is true. \n\nOur classroom is a busy, buzzing place. I know that with the addition of this to our science instruction, we will peak our students' interest in science and engineering. This is the starting point for my third graders into the world of STEM education. 
770:::We have salvaged some old laptops deemed trash by state... what can be done with 256K RAM these days? Thanks to Linux, they're being used to graph and analyze our raw lab data, and view and manipulate 3D models of chemicals from simple binary compounds to large macromolecules.  \n\nMany of my students are just like you may have been as a kid, eager to take everything apart and create. Our school has very supportive families and bright students. Parents encourage their kids to be involved with activities beyond the school day, but these activities are not funded by the "donations" that we encourage to help offset the cost of carrying out labs as part of our science course. \n\n Times have changed and the tools have changed. Tinkertoys, erector sets, and construx are now vintage cool relics. Students make art, tools and whole worlds online, but we want to move towards making these tangible objects. Functionally, the laser will be directed through a prism, refracting it into a line rather than a single point. As this line tracks across the face of an object, it will appear to shift from the perspective of a 2D webcam. This shift can then be triangulated (using trig via some open source software) to an elevation, since we know that the line itself traveled unbroken, in a straight path. From the data collected, students will then create a 3D file of the real world object using additional open source software. See makerscanner dot com for all the information on this project. \n\nMany of today's young tinkerers lack the tools that adult tinkerers can afford. If their parents are not a bit geeky, they are also likely to lack exposure to the shift in the world around us and the way that objects are not created. This means that they do not get to start experimenting with many modes of creation outside of an art class. Purchasing these simple materials will allow my students to begin to create in the language of the future. 
771:::I'm not sure what it is about some of my students, but they are very mean to each other. They lack compassion, kindness and they are bullies. Our school has a strict no bullying protocol, but many of these students don't realize that their behaviors are bullying. \n\nMy students do not like to read. Everyday, I hear "reading is boring, I don't learn anything from a book."\n\nIt is my goal to teach not only a hunger to read but for students to find their inner compassion. These students come from deeply impoverished homes. They covet all the wrong things: tablets to play violent games, expensive sneakers, and designer fashion. They laugh at inappropriate situations and make fun of others. It is a sad state of affairs to observe them.\n\nI would like to share with them the books I have selected through Amazon in the hopes that I can reach them before they leave my school and enter middle school. The two books I selected are about students (kids) with cancer and how they handle their lives and about being different. I hope that by reading these books as a class, I will being able to discuss the events as they unfold in the book and find some way to reach their inner compassion and develop a feel for how to be benevolent. \n\nAs a class we will read the books, discuss and answer questions, and complete kindness projects to send to local pediatric wards.\nI just feel I have to reach these students before they leave elementary school. Once they reach middle school, they will only harden and become less reachable. I work in a building where all the adults care about the children that come here everyday, and our school is a relatively safe place. But, to the casual observer these kids are bullies. When they don't think they're being watched they strike one another, say something hurtful, or more likely, swear. Outside of school they do not appear to get the attention they crave, and seemingly live isolated from the adults they should be learning caring from. I cannot be teacher and parent simultaneously, but I attempt to teach them right from wrong. Many of my students have never been exposed to being read to by an adult until they reach school. They are parked in front of television babysitters or video games.  \n\nFinding a way to make these children care about each other and imparting empathy will make them leave here better prepared for the world. If we can't reach them when they are young, we never will. I have taught in all levels. It has been readily clear to me that high school is almost too late for many to develop caring. It has been found that the very young exposed to books do better in life. My goal is to reach not just the young, but my sixth grade students, before they go on to another school. 
772:::Our classroom is filled with students who are ready to overcome every challenge before them. We are a Title I school, 91% free lunch, 86% second language learners and 100% awesome! I want to be able to match their enthusiasm; to present them with challenging, engaging ways to exceed the standards. \n\nOur classroom is a team. Our number one rule is everyone is included and no one EVER feels left out. Together we work hard so everyone is successful. Sometimes that means things get a bit chaotic, sometimes things get loud, sometimes it gets downright messy and other times we just dance. No matter what it looks like we are always challenging ourselves to learn more. In our classroom the students are responsible for running the class. We take attendance, fill out our own nurse pass, we make sure everything is turned in and checked off and we solve our own problems. Ms. Estis said we should be the ones working the hardest. She even made us write this!  \n\nWe learn best when we can actually DO what we are learning and not just write about it. When we were learning about measurement and perimeter Lucy Lego sent us a letter with a house she wanted built. We had to use our knowledge to make the house she wanted. It wasn't that easy. Our bin of Lego bricks is not very big so we couldn't all make our houses at the same time. When we learned about decimals and fractions we used Lego bricks to make models. Now we are researching historic figures to show how the past cultivates the present. One student was creative and made a model of a Frida Kahlo painting to go with her biography. Using Lego bricks makes learning more exciting. Ms. Estis got our Lego box at a garage sale. There are not a lot of people. With Lego bricks we could use them to illustrate our writing. We could use them when we learn about science to make marble runs. We could use Lego bricks to do almost ANYTHING!!   \n\nLego bricks increase student motivation immensely. Their ability to show mastery of learning targets and apply them in a variety of ways is impressive. Students are coming to me with ways they want to use Lego bricks to show their proficiency daily. A decent amount of Lego bricks would enable multiple students to have projects going at the same time. It would also allow for more collaboration. Using these simple bricks has turned some of the most distracted students into the most motivated. 
773:::By the end of this year, I would like for my students to be more comfortable using computers throughout the school day. My challenge is one of my computers does not have an extended warranty for support in the event of an unforeseen accident. \n\nI teach 28 second grade students in the inner city of Indianapolis. Every one of these students are special and unique in their own way. Most speak fluent Spanish and are learning the English language. Some come from homes where a grandparent is their primary caretaker. A couple of students belong to our nutrition club, a program where they are sent home with a backpack of food to help feed their families over the weekend. But while they have their own challenges, every single family sends their child to school prepared to learn every day. I take my job very serious and want nothing but the best for them. While I may have high expectations of behavior and student work, they all know I care about each one of them. \n\nJust recently, we received an Apple laptop through Donors Choose. I am so excited to get this computer up and running in my classroom. But, before I get it going, I would really like to have further support in the event that it should break or become faulty through the continuous use throughout our school day.  By having this important tool, I can feel more comfortable with the heavy use it will be receiving. Our new computer will allow my students to  continue their daily routines that include researching topics related to what we are learning about in class-while adding that info to a concept chart, complete weekly keyboarding lessons, type stories using "colorful" adjectives, and building stamina by reading stories and articles. We need the Apple Protection plan that will carry a warranty for three additional years. The warranty will cover both support and hardware for our computer. It sure would make me feel more at ease knowing I had further help and support! \n\nYour help and donation to this project will further engage my students in meaningful activities in our classroom this year. It will also give me great peace of mind knowing that the warranty for our computer will be extended and help will be available should it be needed. 
774:::My music classroom is full of energy, love for learning, and enthusiasm!  Each day is an adventure and the kids love it!  On a recent classroom survey, many students said that music was their favorite special class and that they loved playing instruments! \n\nI am very lucky to have the privilege of serving at a very multicultural school, with students from all over the globe:  Asia, Africa, the Middle East, South America, and plenty from right here in the U.S.A.  It is my joy to serve my students and teach them the joys of music.  They always come to my classroom excited to learn and ready to do anything I ask them, whether it's singing, dancing, moving creatively to music, or playing our classroom instruments.  I love teaching music, but my students make my great job even better every day! \n\nMy kindergarten through second grade students could be using hand drums during every song that we sing each week.  Learning how to keep a steady beat is the number one goal of kindergarten and first grade students in music class.  Unfortunately, I only have four hand drums right now and they're all too big for my students little hands.  The requested flat, light, quieter Sound Shapes drums will be perfect for my students' small hands.  I would like to acquire a set of 40 or more, eventually, and use them for all my students in grades kindergarten through fifth.  These drums would be used daily. \n\nThese Sound Shapes would be the beginning of a 40-piece Sound Shapes collection that would be used every day in my classroom.  They are easy to store, easy to hold, easy to play, and not as loud as a regular hand drum.  My classroom would be instantly improved with these wonderful hand drums.  Thank you for your consideration. 
775:::I teaching 3rd grade at Lyman Elementary.  I teach the following subject areas: Math, ELA, and Social Studies.  I am creating this project so that I can provide a variety of math learning games for my students to use in the classroom. \n\nI have 19 students in my third grade classroom with varying math levels.  I am wanting to construct math learning games to meet the needs of all the students in my classroom.  These durable learning games will be used year after year to help my students practice math skills taught in third grade.  These will be engaging games that my students can practice in order to master 3rd grade math standards. \n\nI will use the cardstock paper, lamianting pouches, print ink, etc. to contruct durable guided math students for my students to use in class.  My students will then use the guided math learning games to practice 3rd grade math skills.  The skills will be taught in class.  The students will then be able to use these games to practice the skills taught.  These games will help my students grasp math skills taught in 3rd grade.  They will be fun, engaging games to help my students practice 3rd grade math skills.  A significant amount of games will be made so that students have a variety to choose from.  There will also be different level games in order to meet all of the math levels of the students in my classroom. \n\nThis project will make a different in my classroom by keeping students engaged in fun learning activities.  I want to foster a love of learning in my students and feel that these games will help students find a love in math. 
776:::Every day we enjoy our math lesson with the "Doubles Rap" Students enjoy singing the math song because they know our math lesson will follow.  \n\nMy students are happy and loving children who enjoy learning. Many of them are first generation immigrants who are new to the US. Our school and my classroom is a second home to all my students. We respect and welcome their culture and their language. My students really enjoy math because it is one subject that allows them to works with hands on materials.  \n\nEvery day my lessons are filled with plenty of engagement for students. They enjoy to use the white-board and dry erase markers to actively engage in our whole group lesson. My students have used up most of our dry erase markers and we never really had erasers. The new dry erase markers will allow my students to continue to actively participate in each of our lessons. While I implement the lessons they can use their own white boards and markers to write down their ideas and strategies.  \n\nHaving the dry erase markers and erasers will make a difference in our classroom. Students sometimes cannot find a marker that works so they have to share with a neighbor and wait until they are done using the marker. My classroom is in need of these markers so we can continue to enjoy our math lessons. 
777:::My students are four and learn through play. Our day begins with circle time and then continues on to choice time.  It is challenging when we don't have all the equipment necessary for their development. My goal is to prepare my students for kindergarten. \n\nMy students come from a diverse neighborhood. Some are English language learners and others have had previous school experience. They are all in need of socialization in different ways. My school is growing diversely and has made lots of progress with the help of our teachers and parents. \n\nMy students need art materials, dramatic play materials, and sand and water toys. My students will be able to create their own magic through the mixing of colors when they mix paints and clay. My English Language Learners as well as my English speakers will develop their language through play with puppets, and other dramatic play items. They will also develop their fine motor skills using art materials. My students will have the use of the easel to learn how to write and read some activities that are displayed on it. They will also learn to share materials among themselves. \n\nThese items will help my students because they have very few new materials and have become bored with the items they do have. It will continue to help their growth of fine motor skill, language, and learning to play well with others. 
778::: As a teacher my  goal is that all my students should enter first grade with a strong foundation in reading.  My aspiration  is to accept all children where they are and take them forward on their literacy journey, by exposing them to a variety of literature. \n\nMy students are a very diverse group of students. My students are made up a variety of different academic and social background. Many of my students are from a military background, and they have of my moved many times in their short lives. These student also  experience  shifts within their family dynamics when parents deploy for months at a time. While some  of my students come from lower economic households and single parent homes and have a lack of exposure to books and reading. However different all of my students are, they each share the desire to learn to read. \n\nWith your help, I am hoping to create a reading center where my students can practice their reading. The students who are reading independently can listen and read the story to themselves building their comprehension and fluency. The students who are struggling to read can also experience independent reading time and then read with me, their teacher. With the reading center, my students will be able to track, build fluency, comprehension, and have fun reading. \n\n My desire is that these materials will expose my students to text that's beyond their reading ability and will that challenges their vocabulary and comprehension. That way, my struggling readers are not stuck with boring content, and they have the chance to learn to love literature. 
779:::Richie Parker said, "There isn't a whole lot of things in life that I can't do; there are just things that I haven't done yet." This is the attitude that I infuse in my students on a daily basis; I don't care what your background is, with the proper attitude and determination anyone can succeed. \n\nMy Students are comprised of 51 students from Gulfport MS School District, including 24 minority students and 11 female students. Our students represent a cross-section of all economic, familial, and cultural factions in our community who desire the opportunity to work side by side to learn Computer Automated Drafting, CNC machining operations, Robotics assembly and programming to name a few.\n\nAdditionally, I have three extracurricular FIRST Robotics teams, one FRC and two FTC teams. These teams are comprised of 43 students from all over Harrison County MS. With 18 Minorities and 13 Female students. Everyone involved with these teams, from students, parents, mentors and teachers, strive give the students the chance to make a difference. We have taken advantage of the opportunity to serve at local soup kitchens and volunteer at local retirement homes. Additionally, we participate in numerous career days and science fairs to help inspire the next generation of problem solvers. \n\nMy FIRST Tech Challenge (FTC) robotics team competed in and won the Mississippi State FTC Robotics tournament and represented Mississippi at the Southern States Super Tournament.  It quickly became clear that we needed more robust robots to be competitive at that level of competition.  My FIRST Robots Challenge (FRC) Team currently outsources our welding requirements to local welding companies, which cause delays and significantly cut into our budget. The addition of this welder to my classroom will allow me to teach welding to my students and immediately give my teams a tool that will help them become competitive at the National Level.\n\nThe addition of the welder to my curriculum will help my students that want to become engineers understand how metals are joined and further their preparation for college.  It will also help my students that simply want to develop marketable skills for a job after high-school. \n\nThe students in my Engineering and Robotics classroom, want to design and build things.   \n\nRight now, we have the equipment to design a item in computer aided drafting, prototype it with a 3D printer, and machine out the parts on a CNC Mill.  But, to assemble the parts we have to rely on outside shops to weld them for us. The addition of this welder will allow my students to complete the fabrication cycle themselves.  \n\nMy students are learning real world skills to solve real world problems. 
780:::Books bring history to life! They help us imagine what it would have been like to be there and experience the events themselves. Help my students experience the Civil Rights Movement through books! \n\nI teach 43 wonderful third grade students math, science, and social studies. We have an inclusion setting which means I have special needs, gifted, and general education students in my classroom together. These students love to read about anything and everything. They constantly ask for books about what we are studying, or if they can go to the library to find books to answer some of their questions. I love their enthusiasm for learning and reading, but I do not always have books on the standards we are teaching. Our library has very few books on our historical figures for third grade and many times these books are checked out before we can get there. The school does not have the funding to supply the teachers or students with enough books about our social studies topics to suffice my students' hunger for reading. \n\nThese books would be kept in my classroom as teaching, research, and learning tools. Some of these books would be great for introducing a topic to the class or allowing them to experience history through a story. Some of these books would help students answer their own questions about history and write about it in their biographies and reflections. Some of the books would be great for students to read in between activities or for fun after an assessment. These books will last for years and allow our students for many years to enjoy them! \n\nBooks are an escape into another place, time, or life! Books inspire us and open our eyes to things that have happened. Help me inspire my students and open their eyes to the history of the freedoms we have and the civil rights we deserve. 
781:::Every morning starts off with a look in the eye, a friendly "Good Morning," and a smile! \n\nMy students are the product of an impoverished neighborhood that lacks in looks but makes up for it in the loving and steadfast spirit of its citizens. My students have a thirst for knowledge across all subject areas. They are the coolest bookworms that I know! \n\nTo enhance differentiation learning techniques in my classroom, I have begun using task cards. Task cards are higher-level thinking scenarios that students must solve by traveling around the classroom. This can become difficult without clipboards. The gift of clipboards for our classroom would ease the discomfort of trying to write on an answer sheet on the wall or by finding the nearest hard surface. \n\nDonating to this project will give my students the ease necessary to successfully complete learning activities around the classroom. My students have the ability to achieve fantastic things with diverse educational opportunities that mirror life in the real world. 
782:::Students need to feel that what they are doing is important, not just for a grade but as a means of encouraging others. I try to extend my lessons beyond the classroom and show students that they can use these skills in their lives later on, entering story contest and producing a poetry book. \n\nMy students are at-risk students that include above-grade students, special education, 504 students, and students that read 2-3 grades below 7th grade. Although, I am at a Title I school it is hard at times to get the resources needed to differentiate, expose, and encourage students to the literary world.  \n\nThe materials received through donorschoose.org will allow me to introduce students to their potential beyond the classroom. For example, students can become editors and publishers of their own poetry and short stories to share with their school and their community.  \n\nThis donation will greatly improve my classroom since it will offer students an opportunity to have others see how hard they are working and that they have a lot to offer to the field of literature. 
783:::Both science and math are classes where students learn best by doing. When students actively use materials and have real life problems to solve, their motivation and learning both increase. My students need to have the tools to graph and present these problems. \n\nI work with about 75 students, teaching both math and science. My students attend a large urban middle school and come from very diverse backgrounds. Close to two thirds of my students are economically disadvantaged, and a quarter have limited English proficiency. Despite the fact that some of the student achievement indicators for my school are below the state average, the amount of growth our students are making each year is above the state average in math, putting them on track to catch up with their peers. This is because these students want to learn and the staff here puts significant effort into ensuring that they do learn. We are a multi-age school, teaching mixed groups of sixth through eighth graders in all subjects except for math, where we separate by grade level. The multi-age format develops community and allows all students to be leaders at times while learning from others at other times, both of which are necessary roles in society. \n\nI believe I was born to teach, and my passion is helping students discover their capabilities, especially those who do not see themselves as strong. I require my students to actively engage in the science and math they are learning, so that they can demonstrate their understanding. Unfortunately, because of the high poverty level within the student body, many students are unable to provide the very basic supplies we request they bring. To level the playing field so that ALL students are prepared with what they need, I provide materials where they are lacking. The supplies I am requesting here will allow students to have pencil and paper to record and graph data, present solutions to problems, and be active learners in class. They will allow students (and me!) to focus on the learning rather than the lack of adequate materials. \n\nFor students who are often worried about money for the things they need, having supplies available for those that do not have them can make a huge difference in their readiness to learn. These supplies will allow me to create a community that is centered around learning, rather than who has what they need to be a learner and show what they are learning. 
784:::My students are sitting on the crest of their future and ready to fly.  It is unknown where they will go but the tools to get there are within their grasp.  It's not just the academic lessons, but the lessons on how to live that make my room a place to learn.  There are thoughts to ponder and lessons to learn! \n\nMy students come from a rural western Pa town where vacant storefronts are reminiscent of the economic boom in the steel mills during 20's and 30's . Our once bustling area has been hit due to the economic downturn.  Despite the predominantly Caucasian ethnicity within our school, the customs and values represented during the steel mill "boom" are still present.  This pride is quite noticeable within our school district.  We strive for academic and moral excellence despite the circumstances of the area.  We as educators try to make our students feel valued in hopes that they will promote that value to others in need.  Our students reciprocate this good stewardship through a plethora of service clubs and organizations.  Many of our students have high aspirations both within the collegiate realm and in the work force. \n\nIn our ever changing world, it is becoming quite evident that our students need to be "tech" savvy. Unfortunately, due to our lower socioeconomic status, many of our students lack this experience. My goal is to show the students what is available for their use within the internet highway. I want my students to know that there are applications available for SAT preparation, for annotative note taking, for flashcards and so much more. I plan to utilize a plethora of applications that are called necessary apps for high students and beyond. I plan to utilize the ipad for both teacher and student learning. I will apply applications such as Noteability, to promote close reading and Authentic literacy, Evernote and Qcards for quizlet to enhance study skills, Grammar Up as a fast reference for their grammatical dilemmas, and IStudiez Pro as a time management tool. \n\nThrough the experiences of cooperative learning, my students will utilize interpersonal skills that will help them take that step into the unknown of their future.  No matter where my students go, be it work, college, or beyond, these skills and applications will open the possibilities for these students to get to their ultimate goal. 
785:::A typical day in Room 211 starts with 90+ minutes for Math, 40 minutes of Art/Gym/Music, 30 minutes Science/Social Studies & Literacy 90+ minutes. Recess is only 20 min. per day. "Intelligence and skill can only function at the peak of their capacity when the body is healthy and strong." J F Kennedy \n\nMany of our students are low income. We are a Title One school. Due to a large ELL population, many of our students only speak English in school. It is often difficult for parents/guardians to assist & explain the many vigorous curriculum concepts to their children during homework or review when assignments are sent home. Students are reminded to persevere in all areas and when they are confused, discouraged, or feeling defeated, they are encouraged to keep going and do the best job they can. My students know it's OK to take risks and understand what it is to "persevere." \n\nI am asking for an Apple iPad mini with Wi-Fi so that I can project Active Brain Breaks throughout the day. I have researched different breaks that get the kids moving while learning. Recent studies show that students who are physically activity perform better in school. Brain Breaks is a short physical activity break that allows students to get active during the course of a school day. According to Action for Healthy Kids, "Using physical activity challenges in the classroom helps children be ready to learn and remember information better." \nMy students will be challenged to get out of their seats for a few minutes every 30-40 minutes throughout the day, everyday. \n\nI know this kind of activity challenge will support my students and relieve some of the pressures they face daily from the academically rigorous curriculum aligned with MA state standards. Our students are the future and it is important to provide healthy school environments where they can thrive both physically and academically, and become the best they can be. They are worth it! 
786:::Every morning students enter our "Hive" eager and ready to go! I am very fortunate to have 20 second graders who all love to learn. Every day they are ready to explore and question the world that we live in. \n\nlI work in a school where over 60% of the students receive free or reduced lunch. Although I am teaching in an area with high poverty, it does not affect the students outlook on life. We have created a loving and supportive community, where students are not afraid to be themselves and share their thinking. \n\nI am fortunate in the fact that all of them love to read about a variety of topics that interest them. With the document camera, I can teach them how to "dig deeper" into their texts through modeling and think-alouds. \n\nI envision using the document camera in all of my workshops. For instance, in reading workshop, I can select a literature-rich text and explore different aspects of the text such as the main focus and character traits with the students.  We can also look at nonfiction text features and looking at why the author choose specific words to write using the camera.\n\nIn our writing workshop, I can immediately use the camera to project a student's piece of work. This can be used as a mini-lesson, or during the wrap-up where students share their writing. Additionally, if I see that a student is using the specific skill of the day, I can project it during the middle of independent writing to give ideas to others who may need additional guidance.\n\nIn the math workshop, we do two word problems everyday. It would be beneficial to have the camera, so students can project their work for others to see the concept as it is being explained. \n\nBy using a document camera, I will be able to have students communicate their work and thinking to adults and peers. By learning how to communicate their thinking at such a young age, I am hoping that they will become confident with public speaking. This is a skill that they will utilize for the rest of their lives. 
787:::Students enter my classroom and without fail I hear, "I love art"! This makes my day, and keeps me motivated to ensure that they get the most enriching art experience possible! The challenge is to keep them focused on their creativity. Engaging activities and art tools will keep them moving forward. \n\nThese students are from low income families, but, for the most part, have a strong loving support system at home and at school. The staff at our school is outstanding. The students respond to this environment and are giving their best to become high achievers. This is a Title 1 school with a huge family support system. It is evident from the students' behaviors and efforts. Our kids want to succeed! They just need the right tools to inspire and keep them motivated! \n\nMy goal is to integrate the "Core Curriculum" in my Art lessons. I want the students to understand how the arts are a part of every aspect of their education. The items I am requesting will aid in implementing language arts based lessons with visual arts activities. I plan to use literature with both two and three dimensional art lessons for pre-K through 5th grade lessons. I will be providing lessons that meld with their classroom units (poetry, narratives, observational text, etc.). \n\nDonations to this project will provide my art students with a fully comprehensive arts and core-curriculum integrated classroom. The items requested for this project are inclusive of literature and art, plus will integrate social studies and science based lessons. Students will be inspired through creative instruction to explore core curriculum in a fun, engaging, and motivating way. 
788:::Environmental and Spatial Technology (EAST) is a class unlike any other.  If you walk into my classroom, you may see some students recording a podcast, others making a video, others using GIS technology to create community maps, etc.  The best part is they are doing it for the community. \n\nOur high school is diverse.  Roughly 50% of our school is Hispanic, and we host one of the largest communities of Marshallese students in the nation.  They are a hard-working group of students that want to help out their community.  That's why they take EAST.  They create and carry-out real-world projects to help solve real-world issues.  This sense of reality makes them even more dedicated.\n\nFor example, the picture of our classroom is of a waste audit that was conducted by a group of my students.  They gathered trash throughout the high school and sorted it into three categories: trash, paper, and recyclables.  They will use this data to create a presentation to convince our school board that we need a better recycling program.  We had about 15 kids stay for two hours after school to dig through trash.  That's how awesome my students are. \n\nOne of the current projects I have going on is a couple of my students are using a software called Revit to create 3D models of items that they hope will make the lives of soldiers easier.  One of these items is a clip to make hooking and unhooking things from their backpacks easier.  Should we receive the 3D printer, I imagine a lot more of my students will become more interested in 3D modeling software, and who knows what other projects they'll be able to come up with. \n\nThe purpose of EAST is to put professional-grade technology in the hands of students and then give them the time and freedom to come up with projects on their own.  The only stipulation is that these projects must help out the community.  3D printing hasn't been an option for my students in the past, but adding it to our materials will just mean we can add another dimension to our projects. 
789:::Classrooms that engage students to share what they know and how they know it capture and maintain students' attention. A document camera allows students to interact with technology while sharing different strategies with their classmates. \n\nMy classroom is filled with culturally diverse, energetic, eager fourth graders that thrive on seeing, touching, transforming, and exploring. Many of them come from low income households and love to have opportunities to explore and utilize the latest technologies. They love to learn, and a document camera will enable them to experience information in ways they have never seen before. They have varied learning styles that a document camera will help to address and allow all types of learners to participate.  \n\nA document camera will help students' learning come to life in brand new ways! Students will see work, strategies, and problems clearly, even in the furthest corners of the room. We like to encourage our students to use various methods to solve problems, especially in math. A document camera will allow the students to see other strategies and be able to more easily make them their own!  A document camera will assist not only with math but will improve learning across all subjects. Student learning will be improved as student attention is increased! I will easily be able to model work, and students can share their accomplishments with the class on the big screen! \n\nHaving a document camera in class will enrich students' experiences across the subjects and open up new opportunities for technology use in, and out of, the classroom. This is a tool that will help these students, and those for years to come, to travel across the curriculum with a brand new view. 
790:::Help my students reach their full potential in orchestra by having shoulder rests, end pin anchors, cases and bows that allow them to produce a good sound on their instruments. Anybody who's ever had a car or other equipment that didn't work well knows how frustrating it can be. Help us make music!  \n\nMy students are a very talented and diverse group who are energized to learn and continue learning how to play their instruments. Our school places the performing arts high on its priority list because of the positive impact that they can have on students' academic and social lives. These students want to grow as musicians and attain a high level of performance.  \n\nAnybody who has ever played any kind of instrument knows it can be frustrating to have parts of your instrument that don't always work. Many students have problems with their cases and shoulder rests no longer working which makes it uncomfortable and difficult for them to play their instruments. Some of our bows are beginning to wear out and won't work in the near future. \n\nOnce we have this equipment, my students will be able to develop their skills and perform at a higher level than they would have previously been able to do. The replacement strings will allow us to play more as an ensemble with a higher quality and more characteristic sound.  \n\nThese donations will help students across multiple grade levels reach their full potential in orchestra. They are enthusiastic about learning to play a string instrument, and this will only fuel that enthusiasm as we take our orchestra to the next level. 
791:::My students love learning and when they have an opportunity to explore, they jump in with both feet. \n\nMy students are a diverse group in our little school, each coming from different economic backgrounds and family structures.  As different as they all are, they all love to explore and learn.  When given the chance, they create wonderful projects and have fantastic ideas to pursue.  They just need the tools to help them on their journey. \n\nHaving microscopes and magnifying glasses will help them in their discoveries.  Whether they're checking what tiny life might live in the river or brook near our school, getting a closer look at the animal life on their playground or in our outdoor classroom, or getting a closer look at the molted shells of our classroom Madagascar Hissing Cockroaches.  The electronic microscope will also integrate technology by helping them share with our community what they're finding by sharing their discoveries on their blogs. \n\nBeing new to this school, I began with very little for supplies.  So far this year, I've seen how curious, imaginative, and fascinated my students are in the world around them.  Having these microscopes and magnifying glasses will help to encourage their curiosity and encourage their learning. 
792:::Reading and Math are at the heart of the First Grade curriculum.  I want my students to be strong readers and great mathematicians.  Using technology, like the Kindles, will provide many challenging opportunities for my students. \n\nI have a classroom of 25 active first graders.  They are eager to learn and love technology, as do most children their age.  Literacy stations and math games are two of their favorite activities during the school day.  Unfortunately, we only have 2 student computers in the classroom, plus my "teacher" computer.  It is difficult for everyone to be able to use the technology daily.  In most cases, students are only able to use the computers every other day.\n\nMy school is considered to be a high poverty school.  Although the area directly around the school is middle class area, a large majority of our students are bused to the school from lower income areas.  The school has a population of English Language Learners whose parents either do not speak English or are not fluent in the language.  Many of these students speak mostly another language at home. \n\nThe Kindles would be used as a tool to reinforce content and to challenge students during our Literacy (Language Arts) block in the mornings.  Students will be able to read a variety of books at their own reading level on the Kindle.  Other Language Arts apps would also be available on the Kindle, such as spelling practice, sight word practice or reading comprehension.  In addition, the English Language Learners will be able to hear stories read in English, which will help their language development and grammar.  \n\nDuring our math block, I will have apps on the Kindle to help with the math curriculum.  As with the Literacy apps, apps would be downloaded to help with math facts, telling time, ordering numbers and more, whether the student is using the Kindle for reinforcement or for a challenge. \n\nI am always looking for ways to help my students and to prepare them for the future.  Whether it is remediation, reinforcement or a challenge, I feel the need to help the student be successful.  These Kindles will help me do that.  When talking to my class about the project, their eyes lit up and huge smiles appeared on their faces.  They are as excited about having extra technology in our classroom as I am.  This excitement will help these students and students in the years to come. 
793:::Everyday my students need to work with technology to increase essential skills that will benefit them for the rest of their lives. We need to increase the access to technology for our students. \n\nMy students abilities go from one extreme to the next. I teach in a public school located in a low-socioeconomic neighborhood. There is a homeless shelter in the boundary as well. In the same school we have the students bused in or brought in carpools from all over the district that are part of the gifted program, SALTA. This creates a unique balance between the haves and the have-nots. On top of all of this, we have over 15 languages spoken in our school, with many students learning English. Basically we have students who are being challenged for the first time ever, as well as those who have faced tremendous challenges throughout their lives. \n\nMy students need to be able to use technology more frequently as part of the curriculum. It will be integrated in making Math Art presentations as groups, to taking online quizzes, using virtual math manipulatives,  researching, and exploring how math is used in the real world. Students will be able to see and appreciate mathematical patterns in Art, sports, science, cooking, in nature, and their daily lives. The National Virtual Library of Manipulatives will help them to work through problems. End of level testing is now computerized and the students need to be computer savvy to focus on the math at hand and not on how to operate the computer tools. Technology is vital in our world, but, the only time many of my students get to use technology is at school.  We have recently been able to get a lab of Chromebooks. It is an amazing addition to the classroom, but unfortunately we were not able to get all the Chromebooks we need when our class sizes range from 29 to 38 students per period. \n\nChromebooks will make the biggest difference in the lives of our lower income students. They do not know how to use computers effectively because they don't have access to them or the Internet at home. By completing the lab and giving each and every student access, they will be able to practice computer skills on a regular basis and give everyone the ability to see math in the real world. Finally it will bring virtual math manipulatives to life as we use them to concretely problem solve. 
794:::Every day my students come to school motivated and ready to learn. They love to use technology and having tablets in the classroom would give them greater access to the tools our curriculum has. \n\n \n\nHelp enhance our learning experience! We have access to many interactive activities with our reading and math curriculum, but lack the resources we need to do this. My students would grow leaps and bounds with this technology in the classroom. \n\nMy students are bright, first graders who love to learn. Every day is a new learning adventure for us and they love to experience learning through technology. We are at a brand new charter school that is still in the process of acquiring all the resources we need. Your donation would help make our dream a reality. \n \n\nAs we all know, we live in a very technologically driven era. Students are often able to navigate the Internet prior to being able to read. Having a resource like two tablets in our classroom will increase their use of the fun resources we have in our classroom. They will be able to access phonics and math games that will increase their knowledge immensely. These games and activities all come from our core curriculum and will help reinforce concepts such as phonemic awareness, parts of speech, and number sense. We will use the tablets daily in our math workshop and during our ELA small group time to reinforce concepts that we have previously learn. These concepts will be practiced in a fun yet educational way. \n\n\n \n\n \n\nI feel that having technology, such as tablets, readily available to students will increase their knowledge in first grade, as well as increase the skills they need to be competitive in the real world. This type of technology in our classroom will show them that learning can be fun. They will be using technology for the rest of their lives and if we are able to show them the benefits of it now, I see them developing a lifelong love of learning and technology. 
795:::Tell me and I forget.  Teach me and I may remember.  Involve me and I learn."\n\nBenjamin Franklin's famous words inspire my work as a teacher.  My third graders learn best when they are actively engaged in lessons.  I constantly strive to meet my students' diverse learning styles and needs. \n\nI teach an energetic crew of third graders at a public elementary school in Colorado.  Most of our students are on free or reduced price lunch, and over half of my students are English Language Learners.  Despite these challenges, my students are an incredibly special bunch of eight and nine year olds.  I have never worked with a group of kids so invested in their learning!  They love to come to school, and are beginning to see the important role that education will play in their future.  They aspire to be veterinarians, nurses, engineers, police officers, and teachers.  I feel confident that these kind, cooperative, ambitious third graders will grow up to make our world a better place! \n\nMy goal is to constantly keep my students involved in lessons.  In each lesson I make time for "guided practice"  for students to work through skills with my support.  I strive to provide immediate feedback on their work before sending them off for independent practice.  Currently, my students use paper and pencils to practice skills during whole group instruction.  Our problem?  We have a very limited budget for copy paper and it seems wasteful to use such large quantities of paper daily.  It also takes too much time for me to get around to see everyone's paper.  The perfect solution?  Environmentally friendly and cost-effective dry erase boards!  Dry erase boards will enable my students to actively engage throughout a whole lesson.  They can try problems on their boards and I can ask students to "show me" their boards so I can check for their understanding.  This will help me decide how to adjust my instruction in the moment, and quickly assess which students need extra help. \n\nYour support can increase my students' engagement, my ability as a teacher to informally assess and make instructional decisions, and my students' overall achievement.  We will use these whiteboards daily and across all subject areas.  They will be durable enough to use this year and for my future classes of third graders too!  On behalf of my students, thank you for considering our proposal! 
796:::Out with the old and in with new global resources are what we are trying to acquire. My students need materials that promote inquisitiveness, creativeness, and engage them in meaningful real life situations. Let's challenge our students to become competitive among other 21st century learners. \n \n\nOur school is small but mighty. We are one of the smallest schools, population wise, in central Florida. My students come from Haiti and several Spanish speaking countries. Our classroom is strategically set up to promote independent learning; however, we are still in dire need of basic technology that wealthier surrounding schools are embedded with. We were only allocated money this year for state mandated curriculum. Let's face it, only with your help can we make this school year a success. \n \n\nMy students have an array of learning difficulties that range from using fine motor muscles for writing to understanding the English language. All iPad products have over 300,000 apps that are specifically made for supplemental learning. I can target every learning strategy by engaging my students in fluency, comprehension, main idea and solving mathematical problems that correlate with our curriculum. Each of the main curriculum manufacturers also design programs on the iPad to reinforce foundation skills. Instead of my students using worksheets and workbooks, they will be intrigued with using colorful and invigorating apps that spark creativity.\n \n\nMy students need to have people who believe and echo my passion for low socioeconomic schools. I have 17 kids who are going to start learning on a whole new level because of you. If it weren't for children to work collaboratively on their iPads during center time, they wouldn't receive the same enrichment as other fortunate schools 
797:::The awe of seeing something created in a way that you did not ever imagine possible show students that there is so much to learn in this ever changing technical world. Our students would really learn first hand with a Makerbot 3D printer. \n\nOur school is in an urban area. The student population is very mixed. Some families may be doing fine, but others are struggling financially. My students are very inquisitive, curious, and love hands-on learning. The students are eager to be engaged and share their learning, in the classroom and out in the world. I try hard to design experiences that are rigorous, relevant, and make the students want to learn the material.\n\nI am trying to incorporate more writing into math as well as global collaboration for my students. My students love using technology and we are part of an upcoming district pilot program to integrate iPads into the math room. I am excited about the possibility of collaborating with each other in the classroom, and being able to share with students all over the world. I have learned how much I can personally learn from other professionals when we network together. This will be an opportunity for my students to gain these important technological skills. \n\nI work closely with the science teacher on our middle school team. Together we have worked hard to bring technology to our students. We use ipads to connect to other students around the world. We would love to be able to have a Makerbot 3D printer to help our students get ready for the technology age. \nWe feed into a high school that has programs for students get early exposure into engineering and other technology fields. Several students come to our school to do community service hours, they can share their knowledge with the students.  There are a lot of science and math applications that we can incorporate as we use the printer. With each student having access to an ipad, they will be able to help design the projects and then share with others. \nIn the math area, we can print out math manipulatives for the students to use based on their individual needs. \n\nThe world is getting smaller, and technology is leaping forward. I want my students to be ready for the future and to be able to see what technology can do for them. I know this project can have a big impact on many students!  
798:::Imagine puzzles ironically being an integral piece to the puzzle of helping special needs children.  In my class of severe special needs students, this is the case.  Now imagine you don't have enough puzzles to keep up with the goal of increasing their ability to attend to tasks. AGH! \n\nI have been blessed with a brand new classroom that has been added to our district for more severe special needs students.  My students are precious and interesting little puzzles. Sadly society would think that they are not capable and do not have potential, but I know that could not be further from the truth.  We have a very loving school environment with wonderful peer helpers and teachers.  The problem is that we are in a middle school and my students have needs that vary greatly from the typical teenager down the hall.  My students needs puzzles (of the chunky/easier variety) and that is not something that can be borrowed from any other middle school teacher in the building. \n\nEach day during 3rd period our class time and picture symbols tell us that it is Puzzle Time.  The main purpose of this period of time is to increase my students' ability to sit (in one place) and be engaged in the task that needs to be completed.  Building this stamina is going to be crucial for any teaching and learning we will ever hope to accomplish.  It is amazing in just a few short weeks how much progress has been made.  First, we could not finish one puzzle hand-over-hand.  Now, the students are independently flying through all of the puzzles (with some new vocabulary being spoken!).  This is a bitter-sweet problem.  I would love to have the option to continue to increase their stamina and also give them variety in the puzzles and learning opportunities they are given. \n\nThis donation will make the biggest difference in our room by helping me to provide more varied experiences for the students as well as increasing the amount of time they can stay engaged in an activity.  If we are able to increase that ability enough these students may stand a chance of being productive as they grow older with a "job".  Furthermore, it is my personal mission for the world to clearly see the abilities I know they have within. 
799:::I teach students with multiple disabilities in fourth - sixth grade. I teach reading, language arts, math and social studies. My students would greatly benefit from four stability balls, as they require multiple instruction delivered through multiple modalities. I teach self contained and resource students.   \n\nMy students are fourth - sixth graders with a variety of disabilities. Autism, including students with Aspergers syndrome, ADHD, specific learning disabled, are some of the disabilities serviced.  \n\nMany students need accommodations and supports in order to be successful in the classroom. They come from diverse backgrounds being raised in non traditional households. They come with behavior issues, as well as challenging social skills.  \n\nOur school opened its doors 16 years ago, and continues to be an A+ school since day one. Due to budget constraints, our school is not in a position to fund the needed resources for our exceptional education classroom. Many of my students fall into lower socio-economic classification and come to school with huge learning gaps.       \n\nMy students will benefit from these stability balls by strengthening their core, balance, and coordination, as well as flexibility. Students will have the ability to wiggle and bounce lightly on the balls while they work. This will eliminate restlessness and anxiety, while maintaining focus and attention.  \n\nIt is also impossible to slouch and sleep on stability balls! The stability balls will also help with students' posture, which will eliminate health issues later. My students will read, complete projects and assignments utilizing the stability balls.   \n\nThis project will make a difference in a huge way! It promotes a productive atmosphere while maintaining a healthy lifestyle. It increases learning potential in a non traditional learning environment!    
800:::My classroom is located in a K-8 school in a very low income area of Brockton.  My kids usually have a difficult time acquiring even the most basic of educational supplies such as paper and pencils, never mind creative supplies such as markers and colored pencils.  A major percentage of the students that attend my school are or were English language learners meaning that English is not their primary language.  Any new supplies or materials that can be supplied to my classroom and my students are greatly appreciated. \n\nMy students are great kids that come to school on a daily basis with what materials can be supplied to them.  Many of these students come from single family homes and spend their nights caring for younger siblings while trying to complete their homework.  They are always in need of new educational supplies and truly appreciate anything that we can supply them with.  Donations of materials, books and resources that are made to my students are put right to good use. \n\nThese 14 teen books will add new stories that my kids can read in class.  I teach in an inner city school and these books are something all of my students can relate to.  My kids will use these books for silent reading, book reports and to occupy down time when they have completed writing assignments. \n\nThese books will make a diffeence to my kids because they are stories that they can relate to and that are interesting to them.  These stories are about present day day issues that these kids see and experience. 
801:::My students are an amazing group of technologically sophisticated young people.  They love to do research, read, and write using technology.  Unfortunately, our school has minimal resources.  I would like to get them these two iPads so that they can have access on a daily basis. \n\nMy students are an amazing group of intelligent, kind fourth graders living in a low socioeconomic, urban area of California. Our school is a diverse, public school. It is a school-wide Title I school, but we have also received the National Blue Ribbon and California Distinguished School awards. My students take great pride in their school and have dreams of going to college. They work hard and deserve every opportunity we can give them! \n\nMy students would like to engage in research, reading, and writing using technology on a daily basis.  They are constantly having to wait to use the four computers we have in our class.  Sometimes we have to wait an entire week to do our research until it's our turn to visit the school's computer lab.  This is frustrating and does not promote academic inquiry.  I want my students to have daily access to technology, like these two iPads, so that they can actively pursue the questions they want answered. \n\nThese iPads with protective cases and keyboards will make a huge difference in the lives of my students.  They will have daily access to working technology that will allow them to research, read, and write about topics of interest.   
802:::My students love to read real literature.  So, when they read Stargirl written by Jerry Spinelli they absolutely loved it. They were so excited to see that there was a sequel book Love, Stargirl.  After reading non fiction all year, students were so happy to finally read a realistic fiction book. \n\nMy students attend an elementary school, where they are the oldest in the school. I teach 21 sixth graders, to two separate classes that have a wide range of reading skills. What makes our school so special is the diversity.  Children come from a variety of backgrounds.   \n\nAfter reading and studying mostly non fiction reading material this year, it was so nice to read a realistic fiction chapter book, Stargirl written by Jerry Spinelli.  The students absolutely loved the book and were able to connect to the story.  It was amazing to me to see the difference in the students motivation while they were reading Stargirl.  That's why not only were the students excited to see that the book had a sequel, but so was I. I am requesting 30 copies of Love, Stargirl to improve their literacy skills.The continuation of Stargirl will continue to teach the students an amazing lesson-be yourself!  Students will have a chance to connect to Stargirl again, meet in literature circles to discuss the elements of the book and answer higher order thinking questions.   \n\nDonations to this project will improve my classroom tremendously.  It will give the students a chance to read a challenging book but at the same time learn important lessons about life (that a textbook won't teach) and work on a variety of reading skills to help comprehend what they are reading. 
803:::Thomas, quit eating the crayons and wait for your partner to finish patiently!"  With the addition of a 3D printer in our classroom, my students will never be so bored they eat their crayons! \n\nWe are a kindergarten to eighth grade public school located in the hills of an urban area in northern California.  \n\nWe have a very active and involved parent community that supports teachers immensely and without their help, we wouldn't be near as successful.   \n\nMy students need 1 MakerBot 3D printer to use during their center time during class. They will be able to print the objects that they learn to read and write about during their STEM station at station time! The addition of this 3D printer will motivate and engage my students to want to learn to read any word they can print and will indirectly teach my students how to read rapidly.   \n\nLong gone are the days that students volunteer to stay after class to clean the erasers from the blackboard.  With new games like Mindcraft and the newest App, it's important that our school stay up-to-date with innovative learning applications.   
804:::Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science."\nRalph Waldo Emerson  once said.  This quote describes the attitude that my students have in my classroom.  They are always asking questions. Once they find the answers, they are always eager to learn more. The problem is how can they learn more. \n\nI have 27 wonderful 5th grade students. They are very enthusiastic about learning and always eager to learn new things. They love coming to school every day and always have a big smile on their faces despite the socioeconomic hardships they endure in the community in which they live. They attend a school in California in a low income neighborhood. The school is both a regular and highly gifted/magnet institution. However, my students are part of the regular school and do not have access to the  materials and enrichment activities that the magnet students have. \n\nStudents will use the science learning labs to conduct experiments to further their understanding of science and math concepts, such as gravity, volume, and weather patterns.  Furthermore, they will be able to develop engineering skills by creating their own inventions to solve problems similar to real life problems to make our world  a better place to live. Some of these problems will include how to keep our planet clean, how to use solar energy to conserve energy, and how can we travel beyond our galaxy in our solar system. They will use the books as reference to conduct research on the solar system to learn more about our place in the solar system and perhaps inspire some of them to become astronauts in the future. These materials will ensure that students will gain the knowledge and skills necessary to become better thinkers, thus becoming more successful in their future endeavors. \n\nYour financial support will make a big impact on the students' academic performance, as well as, their lives. With your help, students will acquire the tools they need in order to develop their cognitive skills through hands-on activities.  The knowledge and skills they gain will allow them to be more competitive when they enter the workforce. Thank you in advance for your donations. 
805:::I have been a classroom teacher for 24 years. This year I have made a change and am the librarian. I serve over 250 students weekly as I teach library skills to K-8. I service special education students as well, and I feel the iPads would help best serve all of my students. \n\nOur school has over 200 students in K-6, and over 200 in 7-12.  We are a high poverty school with our school receiving 100% free and reduced price breakfasts and lunches.  We are 98% Native  American population, and our school is not on a reservation so we don't get that federal funding. We have tribal land, so we don't have the tax base that most schools do. We have been on school improvement for not meeting annual yearly progress, and are continuing to strive to best meet the needs of our students.  Professional development for teachers is important to help our students be successful in school. There are several issues that we deal with as a result of teaching in a poverty area. We strive to help our students be successful in learning. \n\nAs a result of  having the two iPads in the library, I feel I would be better able to provide differentiated instruction to all my students. I serve special education students, such as Autistic children, and know that using an iPad is especially valuable in their learning, and there has been research to prove this. I have found many apps that provide library skills that the students could benefit from when using an iPad. \n\nI plan to set up centers of differentiated instruction including covering Common Core standards.  I plan to have an iPad center where students can go on apps to learn about library skills, and  find, read, and write about valid information. This is a very important skill for students to have. Technology is ever changing, and I believe it is our job to show kids internet safety. They need to be able to find valid information, because not everything on the internet is valid. They must be higher level thinkers so they make good decisions both now and in their future. \n\nMy overall goal is to have students see success, learn and grow.  I believe that success breeds success, and providing differentiated instruction with the iPads would greatly help all students feel successful in school.  \nThe library is a wonderful place for students to gain confidence in reading, finding and writing about valid information, and ultimately provide students with the confidence to contribute to a global society both now and in the future! 
806:::My students are eager to use technology in the classroom!  If they had just one iPad Mini, they could research states for their state reports, read comprehension passages, create classroom presentations, and play an infinite amount of educational math and language arts games.  Technology is a must! \n\nMy students are absolutely incredible!  They often go above and beyond what is required to earn an A.  Rather than simply answering questions, they inquire more about the subjects in all academic areas.  They would be even more eager to learn if they had the answers at the end of their little fingertips.  I am certain that the apps available on the iPad Mini will make learning more meaningful than it already is. \n\nThis technology would prepare my students for the future.  Children need to be able to navigate the Internet for research, to create presentations, and to type up documents.  My students will play math games to enhance their learning, and become prepared for the real world, which is centered around technology.  This will not only get them excited to learn, but it will change their future! \n\nTechnology will take my classroom from spectacular, to extraordinary!  I can picture the looks on my students faces when they have this technology in the palms of their hands.  A few of my students do not have computers at home.  This technology will teach them to use educational apps, research science and social studies, and watch educational videos.  This will be exciting for each and every child in my class! 
807:::We strive to make each day one of WONDER.  We encourage kids to wonder about the world around them, to ask questions and then to explore and investigate. \n\nOne of my favorite quotes is by Neil deGrasse Tyson who said \n"Answers are a luxury enjoyed only every now and then. So early on, learn to love the questions themselves." That is what we encourage at our school. We have children who are constantly questioning their world and we help them explore that world. In doing so we integrate the core subjects throughout and help them to see how everything ties together in life. \n\nThe BrainPOP and Jason Project software will allow me to challenge my students with content that is generally reserved for upper elementary students. It is very difficult to find real-world applicable science software for the lower grades and we are fortunate enough this year to see a lot of growth in our students and they are ready for a challenge. Both applications will be used to have the students explore real world topics in more depth and with more challenge. They are no longer appeased by Magic School Bus and content that is too young. They will learn to take control of their learning by exploring their own questions and finding answers or explanations for their investigations. It is key that students are able to find support for their theories or ideas. The interactive portions of both sites will provide opportunities for the kids to also explore activities that might otherwise be unsafe to do in the classroom. \n\nProjects that engage, challenge and motivate students will stimulate growth and better prepare them for the future. They will become teachers to their peers and be able to be mentors when kids in other grade levels learn from them. I plan to use both Brainpop and The Jason Project to those ends. They will become more confident and better at thinking and problem solving. 
808:::It seems to be a universal theme at our high school: "I don't like to read!" Even some of our honor students talk about not liking to read. I want them to understand how reading unlocks the door to worlds of imagination, of understanding, of achievement and success. Books can be the key for them! \n\nAt my school, the students are from various backgrounds. Many of them are military dependents from the local Air Force base, while others are children of migrant farm workers. Some of them are living in abject poverty, some are from middle level income families, and some students are members of families who have attended this school over several years. \n\nI'm proud of the fact that these students come together and support each other regardless of socioeconomic status, race, culture or any other categories. They exhibit a willingness to peacefully coexist here in this school, and it sometimes outshines that of the faculty and staff. That's what makes teaching these students special, and assures me that whatever they learn, they will take with them to use in their future educational and career choices. \n \n\nWe have had, for the past few years, a set-aside reading time for our students. It has been given different names every so often, but the goal remains to get teens interested in reading.  I have selected a collection of teen books from AKJ that I think would interest the majority of the students I teach. They really enjoy the fiction novels that deal with teen "drama" and relationships, as well as consequences of their choices.   I've discovered that in every group, I have a few that love to not only be read to (surprising at the high school level), but they also love to read to their peers.  Our media center has an old podium and mic setup that has definitely seen its best days.  The microphone is covered with old tape from having to re-tape it to keep it from falling over, and the podium has the old brown lattice look from the 1960's.  Using the wireless mic will not only be more convenient, it may actually help my more reluctant readers to gain confidence in reading to their peers.  \n\nWhen my students say, "I just don't like to read, Mrs. Avery," I reply, "you just haven't gotten hold of the right one to hook you yet." Even though I'm a business education teacher, I know how important reading is for one's present and future success in whatever field one chooses.  That's what I wish for my students--for them to get the realization that not only is reading "FUN"damental, but that it's fundamental to success! 
809:::A typical day in Mrs. Tubb's kindergarten (aka The Tubb Family)  includes lots of movement, song, hands-on materials, and snuggling down to read or listen to a good book. The only problem is, we have no snugly reading rug beside Mrs. Tubb's rocking chair, just the cold, hard, tile floor. \n\nOur sweet children attend kindergarten in a Title I school. This means there are many who depend on free or reduced breakfast and lunch every day and live in single parent homes, often in poverty. We give them all of the love and warmth we can provide. A snugly reading rug by the teacher's rocking chair would help a LOT. \n\nThe children in Mrs. Tubb's (aka The Tubb Family) kindergarten will snuggle down on a thick, soft rug to listen to a good story throughout the day, in between lots of movement, song and hands-on learning. We may even sneak in a nap at the end of the day! \n\nThis reading rug will be one more way we can provide positive, warm, and loving sensory experiences for our dear students in this Title I school. Memories made in Kindergarten last a lifetime. 
810:::Learning music can help in every subject in a child's education. The organizational skills, listening skills, artistic skills, and social skills needed to learn an perform music not only enhance a child's ability to learn, but also allow them the chance to be creative and create lasting memories. \n\nThe music program offers students who don't always excel in their classrooms a chance to do just that... excel and gain the confidence they need as they grow and learn. Through musical skills, these students can relate what they learn in music to their classroom work and it can mean so much more. \n\nThe students in our school have found a home in the music room. This music program finally established roots about 7 years ago and since then, has been an important part of the school community. Some students in this low-income community school find math, science, and social studies very challenging and often cannot relate to what's being taught. This is why music is such an important part of a well-rounded education. Not only do students learn to work together, but they learn fractions through note values, reading through singing lyrics, social skills by performing with others, organizational skills by reading pitches and rhythms. \n\nPart of our music program is to develop not only musicians, but well-rounded learners. Students begin in kindergarten reading rhythms and learning how to decode certain musical symbols. The next step is to read musical notation. The best way to do this is through hands-on experiences such as keyboards, xylophones, pitched hand bells, and glockenspiels. However, with the budget for schools constantly being cut, let alone the budget for the music program diminishing, we do not have the funds to put these wonderful learning tools into our students hands.  \n\nWith your generous donations, these students who come from a low-income community will have the same opportunity that students in other schools have all over. Playing an instrument takes musical skills to a much higher level of thinking and therefore, will help students overall in their academics. \n\nIf they could have these instruments; step bells and Orff mallets they would learn how to decode musical pitches and transfer them onto a musical instrument which helps them grow, organizational skills, understanding of sequencing, social skills while performing with other students and many more skills that require higher-level thinking. Students will be able to play these instruments when they have class and will get a much better understanding of concepts. 
811:::Differentiated instruction is necessary in a 12:1:1 4th grade class.  The differentiation would be right at the teacher's fingertips with a classroom printer.  The students would be able to complete research on their reading level and print it to read at their own pace. \n\nEleven very different learners are in our room.  All are eager to learn about a range of academics ranging from literacy to math.  There are eleven high energy students who constantly need change and motivation in order to keep their interest in learning.  Our community school accepts all students with varying learning styles. \n\nMy students will use the classroom printer to assist with differentiated instruction, small group instruction, research, taking smart board notes home with them, being able to print my notes easily for those students who require a scribe.  The learning will be for all academic subjects. \n\nThe classroom printer will make it very fast for the teacher to assist all the different learners in her classroom.  It will assist with the students who struggle with taking notes.  It will help the students who need all academic material to be reviewed in small group and again at home. 
812:::By reading so much, my vocabulary automatically improved along with my comprehension."     - Ben Carson, Gifted Hands \n\nMy students are a lively group of eight and nine years olds in an inner center elementary school. Our community is plagued with a variety of challenges for our families, however our students come to school each day ready to learn and give to the best of their ability. \n\nMy students need over 20 Gail Gibbons books, such as Penguins!, Monarch Butterfly CD and Book, Gorillas, and Pigs,for boosting their vocabulary skills. I want my students to read more and the resources in this project will allow them to do just that. Books help build our nonfiction library, empowering my students to learn new and unfamiliar topics in an engaging way. Gail's books offer kid-friendly illustrations using the various text features we are currently studying. It brings me such joy to hear my students use newly acquired vocabulary they've learned through reading or listening and hearing them say, "Ms. Robinson - did you know?," "I didn't know that?"  or "I learned ___." \n\nThe resources will improve my students' vocabulary knowledge on several new topics they will be introduced to while reading Gail Gibbons books.  As a result, this project will boost their confidence in sharing new vocabulary learned in nonfiction text and being able to prove that learning, by referring back to the text.  This is skill they will need to become proficient - grappling with rigorous text. 
813:::My students, many of whom admit to never reading an entire book before entering my class, thoroughly enjoy our novel unit on The Hunger Games. I want to be able to continue this spark of interest by providing them with other high-interest novels to create a life-long love of reading.  \n\nI teach in an amazing school with lots of diversity and wonderful students. Many of my students need an extra "push" to stay motivated in school, while others need to be given the opportunity to explore their interests above what we do in the classroom. Due to economic restraints, of both my district and my students, these opportunities can't always be provided. My district has many students that have financial difficulties and life situations that cause them to disengage from education. In order to reach these students, it is important that resources be available to keep them inspired to succeed.  \n\nStudents will have the opportunity to use these books to facilitate their interests. Since reading The Hunger Games in class, my students have been very eager to read more books like it. Many of them have gone on to read Catching Fire and Mockingjay, and are asking for more! We have recently been discussing some of the other popular series' out there, and many of my students have tried the library, only to be faced with wait-lists. I want to strike while the iron is hot and be able to hand them a book while they are motivated! My students need popular books to facilitate a love of reading. The Divergent series would be a great addition to my growing classroom library. \n\nLiteracy is especially important due to the large population economically disadvantaged and ESL students within my district that are not always exposed to reading outside of school. When they are ASKING to read... I want to be able to provide the books! Encouraging students to get on board with reading, will help them with comprehension, enhance their vocabulary, facilitate higher level thinking and become better learners overall.  
814:::George Washington Carver once said, "New developments are the products of a creative mind, we must therefore stimulate and encourage that type of mind in every way possible." The creation of P.R.I.D.E. - Providing Real Innovation Design Experiences for students seeks to do just that! \n\nMy students are hard working and resilient. My school is a comprehensive middle school in DC that serves a high needs population. Our students deserve every hard working teacher and high tech resource that a student in a higher socioeconomic area of town deserves. \n\nMy students are already creating.  They have a ton of ideas and I am slowly introducing them to new technologies as I piece the money together.  These books will allow students to read on their own about new technologies we have and try them out for themselves.  Our makerspace has a number of different projects going on at once, so it is integral that I am not the only place to find out information.  \n\nAll too often in the age of NCLB and high stakes testing the creativity of students is overlooked as luxury and not a necessity. However, all successful people know that creativity is integral for productivity and success. I believe these resources will allow students to push beyond my suggestions and ideas and build many more!   
815:::Every day our class starts out by reciting the Pledge of Allegiance, and then we recite a classroom pledge in which we promise to try new things, to learn from mistakes, to dream and grow, to think hard, and to always try our best.  It sets the tone for the day and gives us goals to work toward! \n\nOur school is a hub of activity.  We house our district's Newcomer Center where English Language Learners who have been in the country for less than a year come to learn.  As a result, we have a very diversified population at our school with many different cultures from the world represented.  My classroom has students from 8 different countries, and four different language backgrounds!  They are all eager and energetic learners, and they work hard to do their best in school.  I am always so proud to have people visit our classroom so that they can see a group of children working together as a big family...helping each other to reach our full potential. \n\nMy students need a table and chairs where we can sit together in a small group to learn various reading strategies. A large part of our school day is devoted to working on language building activities such as writing, working with words, and reading.  While the class is reading quietly from their individual book boxes, I meet with a smaller group of students to teach mini-lessons that will meet their learning needs.  For example, I might pull a group of 6-8 students who are struggling with basic sight-words, and I would teach a lesson about how to decode unfamiliar words.  Being able to do this in a smaller setting allows me to monitor the learning of individual students much more closely, and I can provide appropriate support and intervention as needed.  The kidney-shape table would provide my students with a place to sit that gives them enough personal space while still allowing me to be centrally located and be close to each student.  With the table, we would like to have chairs to sit in so that we don't have to disrupt the other kids in class by dragging our chairs over to the group table. \n\nResearch shows that providing meaningful and timely intervention to struggling students significantly increases academic growth.  Being able to sit at a table that is designed specifically for small group meetings would allow me to better teach and monitor intervention groups...for reading especially, but also for other content areas like writing and math.  Having the space devoted to small group intervention lessons would make a world of difference to our learning gains! 
816:::Our 6th, 7th and 8th graders are ECSTATIC to show off their scientific skills in KIPP's first ever science fair! However, without presentation boards, our students will not be able to display their experiments for parents, community members, and judges. Please help our scientists shine! \n\nKIPP stands for the Knowledge Is Power Program. KIPP Reach College Preparatory is a free, open enrollment, college preparatory public middle school with a track record of preparing students in under-served communities for success in college and in life. Located in northeast Oklahoma City, and serving students in grades five through eight, KIPP Reach is a part of the national network of 141 KIPP schools around the country. \n\nEvery day, KIPP students across the nation are proving that demographics do not define destiny. Nationally, over 85 percent of our students are from low-income families and eligible for the federal free or reduced-price meals program, and 95 percent are African American or Latino. Around the country, more than 95 percent of KIPP middle school students have graduated high school, and more than 85 percent of KIPP alumni have gone on to college. \n\nOur students are using the scientific method to design and implement their own experiments. Students are investigating everything from energy use and Newton's laws to plant growth. \n\nMy students need 80 trifold boards for our end-of-the-year science fair! While project boards may seem simple, to students, trifold boards are the difference between "just another assignment" and a chance to display their hard work to the school and community. As a science teacher, I would love nothing more than make our science fair an opportunity for students to practice their presentation skills and celebrate their hard work. Help us make this science fair a reality! \n\nA science fair encourages creativity and scientific inquiry. In a world run by tests, a science fair is an opportunity for student to stretch their creative thinking and problem solving skills. Science combines virtually every subject students are taught, from reading and writing to math. A science fair specifically challenges students to take their learning into their own hands. Overcoming this challenge results in a confidence that will impact students for their entire academic careers. 
817:::We are the music makers and we are the dreamers of dreams."\nArthur O'Shaughnessy, Poems of Arthur O'Shaughnessy \n\nI teach 1st - 5th graders who are extremely technology driven. They use Promethean Boards and touchscreen laptops in their classrooms. They mostly read from tablets in addition to the traditional book and during specified times during the day they are allowed to play educational games on their devices. Then they enter my room ... mostly traditional textbooks, whiteboards, crayons, markers, and the makeshift "Promethean" board that I have created out of a projector, laptop, and whiteboard (so I can write on the screen.) \n\nI would love for my students to experience music-making through the use of technology. I would like them to know that you can still make great music using recording and production software. With iPads, I can provide a minimal, but still meaningful experience. They will learn how to record, arrange, and produce music through apps and software programs. They will also learn how to write a composition by using electronic dictation. \n\nBy donating to this project, you will allow me to bridge the technology gap that currently exists. My students will be able to see that technology in music is more than just mp3s, videos, and cds. We are so excited about the potential of this project being filled! 
818:::Remember that time you brought your textbook home to cover with paper bag book covers? With the increased use of technology and screen time, my students need to access tech books.  Currently, my students use outdated text books that do not match the new state mandated curriculum. \n\nMany of my students - about 75% - qualify for free or reduced lunch.  Our budget per student has been reduced to just less than $30 per student for the school year, making the purchase of text books nearly impossible.  Our school culture is highly diverse in population and qualifies as a "high poverty" school.  We are overcrowded and under funded. \n\nWith an iPad mini, my students will be able to take interactive, virtual tours of important places in World History without having to raise copious amounts of funds to visit in person.  Think about the historical importance of Michelangelo's painting of the Sistine Chapel, or the trenches of WW-I.  With an iPad mini, my students will be able to see these first hand and process their relevance and importance in current society. \n\nMany of my students come to school worrying about how to feed themselves or their families for the week and into the weekend and because of this, cannot comprehend the idea of world travel, yet alone continental travel.  My goal as a social studies educator is to help my middle school students become global, competent, empathetic citizens, and with access to the world at their finger tips, I truly believe they will be able to fully comprehend the world around them. 
819:::We must become the change we want to see in the world." - Gandhi \n\nMy students are highly motivated students who consistently meet and exceed the daily challenge of using math to solve real world situations. My mathematics class challenges students to use math to solve real world problems. \n\nMy students are predominately black and come from lower socioeconomic backgrounds. However, they bring an attitude of excellence and desire that few can match in terms of work ethic. I currently teach 7th and 8th graders who have annually outperformed the state average in math on standardized test. The 8th grade class passed the ISTEP test with a 100% passing rating when they were in 5th grade and the 7th grade class passed the ISTEP test with a 100% rating last year as 6th graders. It is my sincerest hope to keep the high levels of excellence at a premium with my students as they encounter more advanced levels of math. \n\nThis is why I am trying to get funded for a classroom set of calculators to ensure that the students will be able to tackle the more advanced concepts in mathematics. My students need a classroom set of TI30XS calculators (30) to continue making academic progress in Pre-Algebra. \n\nMy class is learning to use math to solve real world problems and apply them for daily use. At our school we have a strong focus on college readiness. Students will use the calculators to not only complete state standards but to take these concepts to more advanced levels, such as calculating interest rates on college loans and to calculate discounts on groceries and other items purchased while shopping. They will be able to understand and calculate cost of living, mortgage rates and property taxes in their city and other places they want to live. Students will use the calculators to answer questions designed around car purchases with gas mileage differences and things such as the benefits of using green resources and energy to reduce cost of electric bills to see how much they can save annually using these items. Understanding these concepts will not only help them fiscally later in life, but it will prepare them for more advanced careers in the future. \n\nMy project will make a difference simply because as Bill Gates explained in the documentary "Waiting for Superman," the technology industry is producing advanced jobs and America simply hasn't produced students who are academically qualified to handle the requirements of those jobs. Corporations have looked outside of the United States to fill these positions. By donating to this project, you will be helping equip an American with the necessary skills for that coveted technological career. 
820:::Developmental centers is a special time in our classroom.  My students loved playing on the computer; however, when we received our first iPad their thirst for technology exploded.  Therein lies the problem, envision five children gathered around one iPad - and you'll get a glimpse of my classroom. \n\nI have 21 pre-kindergarten students in my classroom. They are a vibrant community of learners who are eager to explore and learn about this great big world we live in. Our school is located in rural Oklahoma. We are a Title 1 school and over 50% of our students receive free or reduced priced lunches. Continuing budget and state funding cuts prevent our students from receiving the technology they not only deserve, but need in order to be successful learners. \n\nMy students currently have access to one iPad.  They have the opportunity to use it during Developmental Centers.  They play games to not only increase but enrich their alphabet skills, math skills, and phonological awareness skills.  \n\nThe requested iPad minis with Wi-Fi will allow my students to stay up-to-date with technology as well as provide a rich technological environment for the classroom. \n\n \n\nThe world we live in today is technologically driven. By supporting my project you are allowing my students to not only be 'in the car' but to 'drive the car' as well. \n\nIt is imperative that we provide students every opportunity for a successful educational career. Funding this project sets my students up for success.  The educational opportunities that are available are endless and literally at their fingertips.\n 
821:::My students get charged up with the thought of technology embedded into each lesson.  Before my students left for the holiday breaks they begged me for an on-line project.  I am more than excited to introduce Compass Learning to my students as they will be highly enthused to learn with digitally. \n\nThe 30 students in my third grade classroom offer a wide range of abilities and talents.  There are13 boys and 17 girls. One student receives Special Education services, as well as Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy.  There are two students receiving English Language services, one male and one female.  There is one student whose parents have denied English Language services.  That same student is hearing impaired, uses hearing aids and the MISD has provided an FM unit to enhance the teacher's voice to the hearing aids.  I have four economically disadvantaged students, 3 boys/1 girl.  Six of my students' parents live in different residences and one student has his grandparents as legal guardians.  Another student's father passed away in the 2012-2013 school year. My students are excited and eager learners who generally try to do their personal best! The level of support from home varies from student to student to student. \n\nCompass Learning will help my students both at school and at home, 24/7.   The majority of the student learning will be tailored to the learning objectives, content, method, pace, and environment to each student's unique learning needs. It will emphasize 21st century learning, a collaborative partnership between teacher, parent, student, and school, and student driven participation.\nI have 6 computers in my classroom at all times. I integrate computers into our station time. In addition, students that need additional time on the computers will be able to use the computers during student's independent work time. \n\nCompass learning will be used as a tool to evaluate strengths and weaknesses in specified subject areas. It will allow for timely and more effective intervention and adapt with highly-personalized learning pathways that instruct and build 21st century skills, provide engaging, digital-based K-12 curricula that develop knowledge and higher-order and critical-thinking abilities.  It will also help facilitate parent involvement. 
822:::Every day we start off the day with our mission statement, the Pledge of Allegiance and morning announcements.  Later in the day we continue to use our listening and speaking skills for reader's workshop and writer's workshop.  We would use this machine to help us reach our goals in public speaking. \n\nMy students come from varied backgrounds as we are a high poverty school.  We are also varied in our learning levels and I strive to supply everything possible to contribute to their success in my classroom and later in life.  I realize a karaoke machine may not sound feasible but it helps to build self-confidence while reading and can also be used for activities like brain breaks during stressful days.  Who doesn't love a good song?   \n\nWe will use our materials to help during writer's workshop for author's chair as well as brain breaks.  Many students are shy and do not read loud enough for the entire class to hear and this will not only increase their self-confidence but will be entertaining.  My students can also showcase their reading skills by using the machine!  Also, we can purchase songs that can be enjoyed by all for indoor recess or to take a break during stressful testing times!   \n\nWhat a difference a song can make even if it is only to being a smile to the faces of my children!  We will not only use this as a musical tool but one for learning and growing our speaking and listening skills.  YOU can make a difference in my classroom! 
823:::Research and studies have shown that the traditional methods of teaching aren't working for all students. Educators everywhere are working diligently to create 21st century learners in all education settings. Technology brings the world to our fingertips! \n\nI'm a teacher at an urban, high poverty impacted public high school in a large district. Our school is designated as Title I and Priority I with approximately 95% of students receiving free or reduced lunch, and 97% of population classified as minorities. My students are diverse in race, religion, and academic ability.  A large portion of my students have negative perceptions of their academic ability, and struggle with experiencing academic success. Many of my students lack background knowledge, internal motivation, and support to aid them in increasing their content knowledge, making personal connections with the content, and setting appropriate goals for the future.  \n\nThe iPad will be used to provide curriculum support for differentiation by utilizing technological resources such as applications, scripted presentations, teacher made videos and lessons, and online visual/audio/manipulative explorations. Students will learn the required content of the course as designated by the North Carolina Course of Study. To date, my course does not have any curriculum support materials such as textbooks or workbooks. So this resource would be vital to assist me in meeting the needs of all of my students. If funded, this imperative, indispensable resource will be utilized daily for the enhancement of student content knowledge learning, analysis, and retention.  \n\nLearning isn't static! It is a steadily evolving process that requires us to evaluate and make changes frequently that will meet the needs of our students. The iPads will assist students in being provided with instruction to meet them where they are academically, and provide academic growth towards their educational goals. This project will help me to cater my facilitation of instruction directly to the needs, interests, and college/career goals of my students.  
824:::My classes are so full of energy and LOVE to learn.  I really want to work on differentiation in my room- meeting the student where they are at and helping them to move forward.  I think that this special table will help my small group to focus.   \n\nMy students are loving, kind and helpful.  They love to work on projects and make things.  They love to learn new and challenging things and they are not afraid to ask questions.  They want to know more and I am working hard to excite them!  Our school is amazing- it has so many wonderful programs that allow students to meet their goals and more! \n\nThis special table will allow my small group to direct their attention to one place.  They will be comfortable and they will be able to work together easily.  They can work with math manipulatives easily and have plenty of elbow room.  I will have easy access to each student's work and that will be nice. \n\nDonations to this project will help my room to grow into a more interesting place.  A place where students can think on their own and come up with new ideas. My students will be able to be more independent and that will help them in the real world. 
825:::Every morning we start the morning with our "Good Morning Song" We continue our morning with a few dances and routines,  then we start our Reader's Workshop." The more you that you read, the more you things you will know, the more that you'll learn, the more places  you'll go." Dr. Suess. \n\nThe Arts Based School is a charter school located in downtown Winston Salem, close to the arts district. I have 19 students in my classroom who are very energetic and love to be at school. We use music, dance, drama, and art to explore the Common Core curriculum. \n\nThe students will be using these books everyday. I have a lot of picture books, for students to practice reading using the pictures and making predictions, but our school as a whole does not have a large inventory of books for the emergent readers. I recently earned my Master's in Reading Education and know that in order for a child to learn to read they need several opportunities to practice reading. I would love to use at least 3 to 4 books a day, but I do not have the materials I need. With being able to read more books these students will learn reading strategies that will help them become independent readers. \n\nThe state of North Carolina has raised the standards for Kindergarten students. To be considered on grade level a child needs to be reading a level D book. Many students come into kindergarten not knowing all their letters and sounds, and we are supposed to have them reading on a level D by the end of the year. The only way we can obtain this goal is for each student to read 3-4 books everyday. The donations to this project will help us better reach our goal. 
826:::A picture (or video) is worth a thousand words. When it comes to learning science, my students agree on one thing: Bill Nye makes science fun! \n\nI teach science to a great group of 5th, 6th and 7th graders. We are a second year Russian Charter school where most of my students are bilingual in both Russian and English. With so many ELL learners, one fun way to complement our science curriculum is supplementing with Bill Nye the Science Guy.  \n\nThis collection of 10 episodes fits in well to our science curriculum and is appropriate for all levels, including lower grades. The kids get very excited when we get to watch an episode that relates to what we are learning. With limited funds, we do not have very many episodes available for classroom use. With these videos students will see experiments they can do at home, learn about scientists and see visually how challenging science concepts work. Bill Nye explains science so that all can learn, even students still learning English.  \n\nBill Nye the Science Guy is an educational video series that appeals to all students. These videos get the students excited about science and learning beyond just the textbook. Through these videos I can supplement what we are learning in an interesting way where kids can actually see science happening.  
827:::My school has students hungry to learn.  They are in a world where team work and technology are key to being successful.   \n\nMany of my students are lower sociol-economic,  however all are hard working and eager to learn. My aim for my students is to help them realize their tremendous potential, knowing that teamwork is a vital skill for a successful adult life.\n\nWe have a school that sits in the middle of our suburban town. We  have many challenges that relate to daily living; hunger, not being supervised when they are not in school, absent parents, and boredom. Even with all these challenges they work hard in school and want to learn and read all they can. \n\nMy students will use Minecraft to work on projects together and build team working skills.  Minecraft is a program that allows students to be creative.  Game based education helps challenge student on their own levels and lets them learn from others.  \n\nThe game is being used to teach more than just computer skills. It easily lends itself to science, technology, engineering and math explorations (STEM). But beyond that, language teachers are strengthening communication skills, civics teachers are exploring how societies function, and history teachers are having their students recreate ancient civilizations. It is not an exaggeration to say that the only limit is imagination. \n\nThis project will help reach students in a exciting way.  I plan to have students use this program for years to come and foster new and creative ways to use it.  I believe this will prepare students for upcoming challenge in school and life.   
828:::What do I teach? I teach kids. I teach 100 unique individuals, every day. I teach children who learn in 100 different ways, every day. I teach math, yes...and I teach every standard in as many ways as I can to reach my kids and help them connect to and engage with the mathematics we study.  \n\nI teach at a small rural school in central Indiana. Many of my students have parents who went to this school, and many of my students have never been out of the state, or at least the tri-state area. Their world is all right here, in our small town. And in many ways, this is a great thing--many of the values that have faded in larger communities remain intact in ours. But I want my students to be able to access the resources available beyond our school walls, to reach out to other learning resources. \n \n\nIn my math class, students often are working on individualized assignments, addressing their particular developing math skills, which are worksheets generated via a program called Accelerated Math. Since they are all working on different skills and different problems, I float from student to student, monitoring progress and teaching mini-lessons on the skills they are building. Many times, though, students would like assistance more frequently than I can circulate the classroom. \n\nThe Accelerated Math program offers step by step, worked examples and instructional videos to correlate to the student objectives--however, I have only my 1 teacher computer in the classroom, so my students currently have no way to access these resources. I like the idea that they can get help more quickly, and can learn to utilize other sources of help, instead of relying so much on me. I see the tablets as a portal through which they can become more self sufficient and independent learners. \n\nIndividualized math practice is the best way to help each of my students maximize their growth potential. By giving my students access to the resources they need to help themselves, they will not only learn more math, but they will also learn how to help themselves learn, and that self-efficacy is critical to their development in becoming lifelong learners.  
829:::More important than passing a test, my goal as a teacher is to increase a passion for reading in my students. Every day, I meet with a small group of students who volunteer their time outside of English class, to explore literature, work on independent reading, and boost critical thinking skills. \n\nI am honored to work with an amazing group of sixth grade students. This year, we broke the mold in our district by opening a new intermediate school specifically designed for 5th and 6th graders. By embracing this new and innovative concept, we are already witnessing so many positive results in the students. With these benefits, also come challenges. Providing the much needed materials for enrichment and small groups has been put on hold as larger needs are met first. However, I have assembled a group of ambitious students who are eager to participate in a book club. These multi-leveled readers volunteer their time to work on improving comprehension skills while forming lasting relationships with their peers and teacher through the bonding over conversation and analysis of high-interest texts. \n\nIn my student-led book club, students take the initiative not only to participate, but to lead the discussion about various novels with their peers. Their eagerness to dive head first into a novel continues to amaze me. Each day, these students volunteer their time to come back to their English class and read and discuss another novel. Without teacher prompting, the students stop the reading and want to make predictions and connections to the real world and other texts. I have seen shy and reserved students blossom in their regular English class as a direct result of the confidence boost they receive from book club. \n\nSince starting a book club with my sixth graders, I have been purchasing novels out of my pocket to gauge their interest, as well as the benefit on their overall reading skills. The outcome has proved to be overwhelmingly positive. I have witnessed reluctant readers find their passion. I have seen an improvement in class performance. I have been lucky enough to see shy and reserved students build their own self confidence. With more novels, I will be able to continue this experience for them. 
830:::Remember reading and learning new and exciting things? Remember how reading a book can whisk you away to a world full of imagination and wonder? My students are very eager to read and learn using new and exciting reading material.  \n\nI have a wonderful 4th grade class. They are bright, energetic, and creative. They love to use their imaginations. They are eager to learn and create projects. They like to be challenged. They enjoy the feeling of accomplishment when they complete a difficult task. They love to read and have in depth discussions. They are hard workers and they show perseverance.\nOur school is a wonderful place to learn. The staff and parents are very supportive.  \n\nMy students need 108 leveled literature books to improve literacy including The Chocolate Touch, Worth, and Stuart Little. The students will use these literature books to gain a better understanding of the literacy standards. The reading skills that would be focused on would be comprehension, main idea, details, character analysis, summarizing, cause and effect, drawing conclusions, and theme. Research has shown that students learn best when they are reading books at their own reading level. \nRight now, all students are reading the same books. The students will have the opportunity to read a literature book that is on their level, thus bettering their reading and writing skills. The students will also have to opportunity to work in small groups, lead their own discussions, and complete creative and fun projects that align with the books and standards.\nThe students will also have the opportunity to read a class novel. This would allow them to have whole class discussions and create class projects, and perform in "Reader's Theatre."\n \n\nThis donation will improve the classroom because it will open new and exciting learning opportunities for the students. The students will be able to gain a better understanding of each reading skill and be better prepared to enter 5th grade by reading books that are on their own reading level.  
831:::My students love learning to read. The process is not a mystery to them: They know that it takes daily practice. Many students' favorite part of the day is coming to the "reading group," their daily, small-group instruction in reading. \n\nI teach kindergarten and first grade, as I stay with the students for two years, at an urban elementary school. 90% of the students are low-income, and 90% are English language learners. Most have not been to preschool, so I am their first exposure to formal education. \n\nEach day, I meet with four or five small groups of children to teach them the process and pleasure of reading. They meet me at my reading table, excited to see the book they will be learning that day and practicing over the next weeks. \n\nAfter the lesson, each student reads a copy of the book provided, which has been selected specifically because it is at these students' reading level. They are not "pretend" reading nor are they mumbling along as others read. Each student is reading, while getting guidance from me. It is a powerful and effective format to teach reading, and each student leaves the table knowing that they are a reader.\n \nNow their job is to practice this book (and the other books from previous meetings) over the next few weeks to prepare themselves for the more difficult books to come. As you can imagine, the classroom must have multiple copies of books at all different levels of difficulty. My students need these books for daily reading instruction and practice. \n\nMy students love to read because they truly believe that they are readers. From the first day of instruction, they are successful because books have been carefully selected to match their reading skills and to push them to grow. Your donation will ensure that a student never says "I don't know how." 
832:::My Advanced Finance Academy class is a college prep course where the students work in groups and immerse themselves in the world of Finance, while also gaining important people and business skills. \n\nMy students come from broken, poverty stricken homes without much financial literacy knowledge before arriving in my class.  We are an inner city school and I prepare my students for the next level.  My classes are full of Juniors and Seniors who are excited about gaining more financial knowledge during their two years in the Finance Academy. \n\nAs a class, we will read the requested books and the students then apply the concepts they learn to their lives and then they write about their experiences.  We will also learn basic accounting with the Lemonade game, this way they are able to have some knowledge as to what their college professors are talking about when they refer to debits and credits. \n\nDonations to this project will improve my classroom because in the past we have been able to include these books in the students book rental, however we have been informed that this can no longer happen so I would like to have these classroom sets so I can continue to teach the important lessons found in each book.  Also, the students are able to pick their own books from our class library to summarize and earn points and valuable information on their own as well. 
833:::We need technology in every classroom and in every student and teacher's hand, because it is the pen and paper of our time, and it is the lens through which we experience much of our world." -David Warlick \n\nI teach first grade at a public school in the mountains of Western North Carolina. The children come to school eager to learn! Watching their eyes light up is what drives me to constantly search for new ways to keep them engaged. I want to mold students to be lifelong learners! \n\nWe are requesting 5 rolls of different color filament for our Makerbot 3D printer. My students have been able to create and print 3D items that reinforce their learning in math, science, and reading. They have realized that most things they can create in their mind can be reproduced on the 3D printer. However, we feel the strain of not being able to print all that we want because of fear of running out of filament. With these additional colors, turquoise, orange, black, raspberry, and blue glow-in-the-dark, my students can continue their creativity as scientists and mathematicians! \n\nTechnology is such an important part of our society! I would love to show my students how to create 3D materials and your donation could make all the difference in their future. Wouldn't it be worth it? 
834:::Every afternoon we start off a practice with a purpose! I feel it's so important for the students to meet goals and expectations of the day. I truly enjoy when students see growth from a 2 hour practice. It helps the student-athletes stay focused and working hard. \n\nWe are located about 25 miles away from Downtown Chicago. There are 3,600 students that go to Downers Grove South. The school climate is extremely positive and there's tons of student support and spirit. Our mascot is the Mustangs and our school colors are navy blue and Columbia blue. \n\nI envision my student-athletes being able to do multiple things with this requested iPad. Student-athlete improvement is super important and with the use of technology will help assist in that. \n\nThere are multiple apps that will also help student improvement such as taking video of their swing and being able to send it to view it at home, as well as keeping score with the iPad. Learning multiple aspects of the game will help the growth of my freshman team. The case and stylus will help keep it safe and add to the ease of use. \n\nDonations will really help to improve my freshman class - students live in a technology world. The applications will assist in learning better skills and having a visual on their personal skill level. 
835:::The digital era has caught up with art instruction (without replacing the good old stuff, of course!).  As a former pro nature photographer, I am eager to share my Photoshop experience with my students.  This will require cameras, however--  many of my students do not have access to them at home. \n\nOurs is a rural small town public school. All 210 students in the grades K-5 take art classes with me once or twice a week, while 75 students in grades 6-8 choose to take art as an elective class 4 times a week. Consequently, I get teach students over the course of many years, and, given their enthusiasm and curiosity, have gotten to see tremendous talent emerge. \n\nThese cameras will be used primarily to allow ALL of my middle school students to take their own photographs for use in a variety of projects in the art classroom (and to gather snapshots for use in the school yearbook and to document campus events).  Projects will include straight prints (photography for photography's sake!); use of prints as the basis  for drawings and paintings; various image enhancement/manipulation and/or collage assignments in Photoshop; and preparation of digital negatives in Photoshop for advanced projects such as cyanotype prints and photo stencil silkscreens.  These cameras will also be made available to students in 4th and 5th grades for their more straight-forward photography assignments . \n\nPhotoshop is an exciting and challenging digital frontier for the students, and will be increasingly important in their artistic lives going forward.  Please help ensure that ALL of my students have the same opportunity to participate in these exciting projects fully.   Thank you! 
836:::What does it feel like to open the cupboards at home and find nothing to eat on the weekend?  So many students depend on free breakfast and lunch during the week but return home on Friday to no food.  I want to change that by sending home backpacks that will fill the bellies of my students. \n\nI work in a rural district where many students live in poverty.  For years, I've wanted to complete and design a backpack project but haven't had the funding.  Recently, I participated in a poverty simulation that was eye-opening.  I am asking for funding to help me begin my project by supplying healthy snacks, lunch foods and boxes of cereal.  I hope to send students home with a backpack full of food that will help families have healthy nourishment throughout the weekend.  The staff at my school will take care of the rest (lunch and dinner).  Many schools around the country have such a program, however, we live in such a rural environment that I do not have major corporations or businesses to ask for funding.   This food will not last until the end of the year, but it will make a huge impact and help my project get off and running.  The remainder of the year will be covered by the staff at my school. \n\nThis project will be simple.  Students who are participating in the project will pick up an unmarked backpack on Friday afternoon in the nurse's office.  Students will return the backpack on Monday.  Communication will be made with the families to ensure that they are willing to make every effort to send their child to school daily, as well as work with students to complete homework and assignments.  Participating families will be identified by the school counselor and nurse who work closely with families. \n\nI can't imagine the stress amongst children and families when cupboards are empty.  I want to successfully implement a program that can grow each year and help more and more families.  Research shows that students perform better when they aren't hungry.  Historically, a backpack project has increased student attendance, grades and behavior. My backpacks full of food will help students return on Monday, ready to learn, able to pay attention, and eager to start the day. 
837:::Students are the digital natives!  We are learning from them! Schools are not always equipped to keep up with the progression of technology in our world today, and yet, most students will have jobs that require them to collaborate, communicate, and work in the digital world. \n\nMy students come from a rural, beautiful mountainous area.  Their families are not able to provide them the resources that they need to engage when integrating their learning with technology.  The school has a free and reduced lunch rate of over 60% and yet we are not able to receive extra funding, such as from Title 1.  The students I have the privilege working with want to learn!  They struggle learning the basic skills and need extra support. Many of them have learning difficulties. This does not hinder them! They are motivated to learn and use the little resources that are available to their benefit. \n\nWe need an up-to-date laptop!  The two laptops we have in the room are ancient. They freeze up all the time and are frustrating to use. We need a better laptop to install assistive technology programs.  There are so many incredible assistive technology programs available for students with learning disabilities, and yet, we do not have the basic item needed to use these programs. We cannot install these programs on the ancient computers that we currently have in the room.  Besides these programs, there are so many other tech tools available that can be used to integrate technology with their learning!  I am limited as to what tech tools I can use with the students though, because of the lack of decent laptops.  We want to use laptops to communicate and collaborate with classes all over the USA and the world through a website that is for students and teachers. Laptops are definitely a requirement for today's classrooms! \n\nA laptop will make such a difference in my classroom because it will give us the required item needed to use technology tools for the student's benefit. It will allow the students to become more motivated and engaged in their learning! 
838:::Many of my students exposure to technology is limited to the classroom.  An iPad to help enhance instruction would make math problems jump off the page and bring to life the words we read in our stories in an engaging way that would better prepare my students for their future. \n\nMy students are motivated, and eager to learn. Many of them come from a lower socioeconomic demographic and my classroom is comprised of a large English language learner population.  Our school has made strides in providing our kids with high expectations for learning and providing them the tools we feel will best prepare them for a future college education.  As we raise the bar, our students continue to rise to the occasion.   One area we are working on currently is bringing our classrooms up to date with technology- the most advanced and highly engaging method of presenting to our classrooms. \n\nAn iPad will help to provide my students with background knowledge and practice with building skills to improve their comprehension, and fluency in all academics.  There are limitless possibilities of instruction and practice with the iPad that I'm not only excited to use, but I know will help to improve and better prepare my students for what they will be expected to know in the future.  My students deserve to have the tools available to them in the classroom to be up to date and familiar with technology.  An iPad would allow me to support them in this way through interactive lessons where the students can be involved in the teaching, making learning more meaningful and lasting. \n\nIn a fast paced world where technology is evolving daily, it is imperative that our students have access and are familiar with these tools.  With our changes to education, and an emphasis now being placed on technology, these skills must be explicitly taught daily in the classroom. An iPad enhances the classroom with the endless apps and interactive capabilities beyond what a projector and overhead can provide. My students deserve the best, and I'm excited at the possibilities! 
839:::When students are challenged by content and skills in my classroom, I ask them, "Does your brain hurt yet?" The frequent answer is, "YES!" Only to have me remind them that, "If your brain doesn't hurt, you're not learning enough." \n\nMy 25 students come from a high-poverty neighborhood and experience all the challenges that come along with it. However, these students have all shown exceptional academic promise and are meeting and exceeding state tests in both reading and mathematics. Additionally, my students show an interest and aptitude for science and technology, which is the focus of our school. As a result of the students' abilities in reading and math, we are able to focus more of our teaching and learning time on areas like Science or Social Studies.  I am lucky enough to teach both subjects every day. The challenge that comes with teaching these subjects on a daily basis - especially Social Studies - is finding materials and projects that engage students with the content. My students love nothing more than being able to read their very own books, and I hope that using trade books will help to excite them about American History! \n\nThe books purchased through this project will allow my students to participate in guided reading groups. Due to time constraints, guided reading has to be taught during Social Studies time. So, it is imperative that students are able to build their reading fluency and comprehension skills using leveled texts while learning social studies content at the same time. The high-level texts will allow students to continue developing their reading abilities, and the historical accuracy of the books will help students to understand firsthand what it was like to live during Colonial times. Written by well-respected authors, the books will also serve as models for students' own writing as they analyze the texts using the close reading skills they have been learning this year. \n\nMany of my students cherish being able to hold a book in their hands, since they do not get that opportunity very often. Many of my students are voracious readers, but thirst for new books to read regularly. By exposing them to the wonders of historical fiction, I hope that they can have their eyes opened to a whole new genre of literature that is available to them while beginning to understand America's past. 
840:::A typical day in my classroom could be described as a fun filled exploration of a variety of art mediums. \n\nMy students range from Kindergarten to 8th grade. My students are highly motivated and are exposed to a variety of life experiences. My school is very high performing and challenges students to be successful by offering superb academic program that prepares learners for a global community. \n\nThe EnviroVent will be hooked up to the existing Skutt Kiln in the Art Classroom. The EnviroVent 2 is a Downdraft Ventilation System designed to extract fumes from our existing electric kiln and vent them outdoors. The EnviroVent 2 also provides better heat uniformity and improves the firing atmosphere in the kiln while it is protecting you from the fumes. The EnviroVent will help to provide our students with endless amount of opportunities to express themselves with the art medium of clay. \n\nI believe that clay is a unique art medium because it is highly responsive to touch and very forgiving. As soon as children are given clay, they immediately begin to mold and shape it. They become aware that they are in charge and have influence over the medium as it is quick to respond to their fingers. As an art teacher I want to expose all my students (K-8) to the medium of clay to inspire creative thinkers, problem solvers, and create a work of art and memories that will last forever. 
841:::Have you ever witnessed the excitement and anticipation of students who can't wait to read the award winning books announced by the American Library Association?  Each year the ALA announces the youth book awards and the Newbery Award and Caldecott Medal are two of these most anticipated awards. \n\nThe school library is a busy place, with students eagerly dropping by each day to ask if the Newbery Award winner has been announced.  These chapter book winners are considered to be the "most distinguished literature for children" and students in third grade and up typically enjoy reading the book independently or having the classroom teacher read it aloud.  \nOur students are excited about reading and visit the library each week to choose books that appeal to their interests.  The primary grade children love the picture book section and it is often through the illustrations of a picture book that they can know the story.  \n\nThe Caldecott winners are kept in a special location in the library and from the start of Kindergarten, children are introduced to these books. Our students take great pleasure in choosing books from the library shelves and sharing their "treasures" with their classmates.   It is evident that the library and choosing books is an enjoyable part of their day! \n\nMy students need the Newbery Award winning book for 2014, entitled Flora and Ulysses, the Caldecott Award winner entitled Locomotive, and 7 other honored book titles. The students will be able to sign these award winning books out of the library to read at home with parents or siblings.  They will also be able to share them in the classroom with their teacher and recommend them to others.  The students will know what titles have been selected this year for the Newbery and Caldecott Awards as well as know the honor books in each category. \n\nReceiving these books will make a difference for students as they will have access to the most recent titles selected by ALA to win two very distinguished literature awards.  Students will have the remainder of this school year to read the titles that I typically don't receive until the fall.  Students are taught during their library class about special book awards and having the books to demonstrate the awards makes it more meaningful for the students and builds excitement for reading.   
842:::My students struggle to read fluently and comprehend grade level materials.  When they are in class, they see other children reading interesting, high level books.  By the end of the year, I want my children to feel comfortable reading high interest books on their just right reading level. \n\nMy students are fun, kind children who are looking for interesting books to read on their level.  These children have started to get into mysteries. However, many of the mystery books available are for people reading on a higher reading level compared to their current abilities.  \n\nWe are requesting a set of mysteries called American Chillers. They are high interest readers that would allow my children to peruse their love of reading and new found interest in mysteries. This book series also makes reference to our 50 states. This would help my students build their background knowledge of America and its history.  \n\nBy donating to this project, donors would be helping children improve their reading fluency and comprehension skills. This will allow them to continue on their path to become better readers.  
843:::Imagine the cheers and smiles new books about science and other exciting genre will bring to our targeted readers' faces! We serve over 150 struggling readers daily in a push-in/pull-out setting.  \n\nI have the honor of being the Literacy Specialist at an AMAZING public school in the beautiful mountains of North Carolina. I love the enthusiasm my students have towards learning. It is their enthusiasm that encourages me to look for ways to enhance my teaching and find great, innovative materials to make learning fun. Their love of learning is what drives me to give them the best because that is what they deserve!  \n\nAs the year has gone on, we have started to run out of fun, engaging books to use with our struggling readers. The 6 sets of Jump into Genre books are an ideal way to develop literacy skills while meeting Common Core ELA Standards. These colorful, multicultural folktales engage young readers as they increase in reading level complexity.  Each set has 24, 16-page books which are organized into six different genres that are required by the Common Core: Tall Tales, Fables, Fairy Tales, Pourquoi Tales, Trickster Tales, and Myths and Legends.  Our students also want to learn about science topics like weather, life cycles, space, animals and technology. We serve students in all grade levels who are a year or more behind. These students deserve the best and new books is one way to show these students how special they really are.  \n\nAll these requested books will be the catalysts to help my students learn how to be stronger readers, provide support for each other, learn about exciting topics and in the end become better people! Your donation could make a difference in one child's life. Isn't it worth it?  
844:::My students have come to my school because they had difficulties in traditional education. Many of them have been kicked out of and are no longer welcome at public schools. Others have been mistreated there due to disabilities. They flock to my school and have come to see it as a safe, second home. \n\nMy students are a determined group. More than 80% of them are growing up below the federal poverty line but they still manage to come to school with smiles on their faces and eagerness in their eyes. Several of my eighth graders entered 6th grade at a 3rd grade reading level and are now being accepted to prestigious private high schools. Several of my seventh graders, who had been labeled as having intellectual deficiencies, are now enjoying reading, participating in class discussions, and gaining self-confidence every day. More than 33% of my students qualify for Special Education and more than 50% are English Language Learners. This means that in English especially, visual aids, cues, and guidance, are greatly needed and key to their success as scholars.  \n\nI am requesting a document camera because while my students are bright and determined, over 33% of them qualify for special education and have difficulty with spatial reasoning. This means that my students often cannot make the connection between seeing a PowerPoint slide or writing on the board, and understanding how to organize the information on their papers or a worksheet. Many of their Individualized Education Plans (IEPs) specifically require accommodations for student note taking or independent writing.  \n\nIf I were able to project a worksheet or graphic organizer onto the screen for them to see, and write directly into it, it would help them make the connection and see exactly how they should be utilizing the writing tool we are working with. There would be no confusion about what information goes where and I would not have to try to draw an example of the graphic organizer on the board and then fill it in (which they still often find confusing as it is not exactly the same.) \n\nThe addition of a document camera to my classroom will allow my students to access information in a straight forward way and not be confused by the medium of presentation. While a normal student would have no problem transforming a PowerPoint slide or a diagram drawn on the white board into their notes or graphic organizer, my students' processing abilities are very different and therefore they require the extra scaffolding of seeing exactly what they should be doing on their paper. 
845:::Digital Journalism is discovering creative ways to use digital tools like Vine and Instagram. It is the art of shooting and editing videos and photos, asking questions that make people talk, creating  innovative stories and much, much more.  It is not restricted to the four walls of a\nclassroom. \n\nDespite constant cuts in education, the elimination of funding for field trips, and outdated and broken technology, our students continue to excel. They hold down jobs to help their families in hard times and keep their grades high so they can be in the journalism and video programs. They create a daily morning show, a yearbook, and they write weekly for the city newspaper. Hardship does not hold them back and, time and time again, the students in our programs win awards through such organizations as Courageous Persuaders and Herff Jones. They deserve a chance to showcase their talents in a new venue despite not having the complete funding needed to do so. The students have continued to fundraise with bake sales, making scarves, clothing sales, and so forth.  They could really use a break in travel costs. \n\nMy students need  tickets to the John G Shedd Aquarium where they can get eye-to-eye with a dolphin, meet a penguin, and learn how to keep the Great Lakes healthy.\n\nWith the chance to visit the John G Shedd Aquarium, these young digital journalists will have a plethora of topics to explore.  Many are interested in topics such as animal rescue, keeping the Great Lakes clean, and marine biology in general. With the inspiration of a phenomenal facility, they can bring back research and material to create stellar journalism and video.  With exhibits like Caribbean Reefs, the Amazon Rain Forest, and the Polar Exhibits, they will get a chance to video and photograph animals from all over the world. For so many, this will be their first chance even leaving the state. I could not think of a more deserving group of young people. With an involvement in ongoing projects to help others like Mittens for Detroit and Goodfellows, they, too, should get the chance to be on the receiving end. \n\nIt is our dream to continue to spark the passion of learning in these students. They need to see that there is a whole world out there and endless possibilities for them to excel in life. Living in hard times should never be an excuse to stay cemented in apathy. 
846:::Everyday we start out our day with small group centers.  We do centers in math and literacy. The students really like working in the small groups but if I could get their attention even more by having the ipads for one of their groups. \n\nMy students are from a school in Rio Rancho, New Mexico.  There are about 125 5th graders.  They are the best students and they are working really hard to be ready for middle school.  The students are all from different places in their lives.  They all have different home lives and the best part is that they all respect each other. \n\nI would have the students rotate with the ipads during their center time.  Center time is 20 minutes a day from reading and math where the students work in small groups to review skills that I have already taught so that they continue to work on them.  They really like working in groups.  I would put apps on the ipads that help the students review what has been taught in the classroom.  Each student would get to work on the ipads twice every six days.  Right now in groups they do a lot of review worksheets and if I could change one group to a technology group it would be awesome. \n\nI think that this project would change their lives by giving them technology to use that is fun.  Most students think that technology can be fun but they do not understand that they are learning.  I have a lot of students that because of home life would never be given the opportunity to have this type of technology available to them if I do not give them that opportunity. 
847:::Getting middle school students excited about reading is a daily challenge but by introducing technology a whole new world opens up for them as they are able to choose novels that meet their reading ability and the content area that is being studied. This makes reading personalized and meaningful. \n\nI teach in a small rural community with a population of 500. We currently have 225 students in grades K-12 so you can imagine that funding for new books and technology is very limited. My Middle Schools students are making the transition from being small children to discovering that they have opinions and a voice as it relates to their life. We do a lot of reading and writing in our classroom and our motto is ...Whatever you write is right. The students just need to back up their opinion/claims with examples from our reading or life experiences that allows the reader to understand where they are coming from. Kindles in the classroom would not only bring technology into their lives but allow them to identify and read books based on criteria set by me. In other words the students would not all have to read the same book but could find a book meeting the requirements that they choose to read. This would allow them to experience all different facets of literature. \n\nStudents would be able to select novels based on specific criteria set by the teacher. They would be able to utilize on-line libraries to obtain the books to read saving the school district many as they would not have to purchase a variety of different books.\n\nStudents who struggle with reading would be able to discover books that are at their reading level and would no longer need to feel overwhelmed/embarrassed by how big or small the book is. Students who excel at reading would also benefit by tapping into resources that would challenge them. All in all making reading more meaningful and personalized to the reader. They would have a "voice" in choosing what they want to read. \n\nAs I look at all the different reading levels I have in my classroom and compare them to the textbooks and novels I have available to me to teach there is a huge disparity. Reading should be a personal experience and by having the students choose what books they want to read based on specific criteria it will make reading more enjoyable for them which will then have them reading more and gaining a deeper understanding of the text. Leading to better reading and writing skills needed in life. 
848:::The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more you learn, the more places you'll go." - Dr. Seuss \n\nCenters are a very BIG part of my daily classroom routine, and my reading center is one of the students' favorite places to relax and read a good book or listen to a book. \n\nI have 20 students in my first grade classroom and 6 students with special needs.  Centers are a very big part of my daily classroom routine.  They allow me to differentiate my instruction, allow the students to be engaged in their learning, and also allow the students to work at their own levels as well as work together.  \n\nOur district is high in low-income families and is also going through some major financial difficulties.  Last year we closed one of our 4 schools to try to eliminate some of the district's debt.  This upcoming year we will be eliminating a teacher from each grade level and will also be making many more cuts in other areas.  Even though our district/school is going through these hard times, our teachers and staff still have a great attitude toward the students and their education and are making the best of these hard times to make sure we give EVERY student the education that they need and deserve! \n\nI have a very active group of first grade students who love to read.  Even my struggling readers love to head to the reading center to read a book or listen to their favorite book on tape.  I would love to add these bean bag chairs to my reading center to make it even more inviting and "comfy" for them when they snuggle up to a good book! \n\nAs I mentioned earlier, I have a very active group of first grade students!  We seldom sit at our desks.  The students love to be able to choose their own seat or spot in the room to engage in learning.  We are always moving around, working in centers, finding a quiet spot in the room, or working at the carpet.  These bean bag chairs would make my reading center more inviting and comfortable and I KNOW the students would LOVE them!! 
849:::My class was given the beautiful gift of books through a generous Donors Choose donation. Now we need a way to organize and display the books that we have just received.  I would also like to create a relaxing reading area to help my students discover the enjoyment in reading a great book. \n\nMy students attend a community school where they work hard everyday. These first graders are motivated, energetic, and eager to learn. About 85% of our students receive a free or reduced price lunch. Most of our students come from low economic homes with very limited means. \n\nI am requesting book bins, labels, two bean bag chairs, and a book display rack for my classroom.  If we were to receive the bins and labels in this project, I would be able to organize the books we already have, the new ones we just received and label which books belong where. It would help reinforce the importance of caring for books, not only in the classroom, but also at home and in the library.  Your donation to this project will help teach my students important library skills and keep our books organized and well taken care of. Reading is such an important skill and learning the value of a good book is essential to my first graders. The resources I receive will allow me to create a cozy, neat, and organized reading library for my students. They will be afforded the opportunity to read in a quiet place that is relaxing and inviting to first grade students. \n\nStudents will get familiar with all the new books by helping to categorize, label, and organize our classroom library. The bins will help them access the text they are most interested in. I plan on creating an inviting place for my students to read. I want to create a relaxing reading area to help motivate my students to read.  Remember that warm feeling of curling up in a cozy area and reading a good book. That is the feeling I want my students to feel.  Thank you for your consideration! 
850:::Developing a toolbox of skills to overcome barriers that arise from disabilities such as autism, intellectual disabilities, language impairments, and hearing or vision impairments is incredibly important to the academic and emotional success of students with disabilities. \n\nI work with middle school students with a wide range of disabilities. The students are eager to learn and eager to show what they can do, but there are many road blocks that slow down their learning and work production. Some of my students have poor muscle development and become fatigued when writing. Others become discourage because they have difficulty reading and spelling. Many of my students need remediation in daily life skills such as counting money. Yet, no matter how difficult the task, they are determined to learn and never give up! \n\nThe iPad Mini requested for our classroom will provide our students with an opportunity to enhance their learning. My students are continually developing strategies to overcome the difficulties that impede their learning. Technology is an area that can really level the playing field and help my students. Software apps can help them hear and say speech sounds to overcome speech impediments; apps can help them with spelling and writing; apps can help them learn to count money and to use a calendar. Much of today's technology is developed to help overcome barriers. The importance of having accessible technology and teaching students how to use it and learn from it cannot be overstated. Our class mantra: "If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you." My students come to school every day with the heart and determination to learn. It would be wonderful to teach my students how to use technology to overcome some of the barriers that they face on a day to day basis. \n\nDonations made to this project will provide the opportunity for more individualized instruction that targets specific skill areas.  My students are very diverse in their educational needs and it is often difficult to differentiate instruction and provide the amount of individualized practice that they truly need.  An iPad mini will help us reach our learning goals. 
851:::Our classroom is based on authentic literature. Students spend about three everyday reading and writing. Our class motto is "We have GRIT!" We don't give up when the going gets hard! \n\nOur school is a public charter school serving primarily students with the goal of being the first in their family to go to college. We are an urban school full of students who do what it takes to go the extra mile. Many of our students have distractions outside of school that one would think may take away from learning, but our students always seem to find a way to persevere with the end goal of going to college always in mind! Our school strives to give our students the very best education possible. We believe that where a student lives should never determine the strength of their education. We like to have the best resources and materials so our students can thrive! \n\nStudents will use the reader response notebooks during our reading workshop that lasts about 2 hours everyday. I teach a mini lesson and then the students go apply the skill I just taught them by reading authentic books and literature on their level. The students often use sticky notes and different forms to organize their thinking and ideas as they are reading. This can get very unorganized and there are usually sticky notes EVERYWHERE! The reader response notebooks will give them an organized place to record their thoughts and ideas as well as encourage critical thinking, which is crucial to the new Common Core State Standards.\n\nI will also use the notebook as an assessment tool to see how students are doing with the strategies I have taught them to guide my instruction. It will be easy to see who is grasping a concept and who needs more instruction. \n\nThe reader response notebooks in my classroom will not only keep me and my students more organized but will help me understand what they know. The students will be able to use the notebooks to see the progress they have made.\nThe most important thing these notebooks will do is to teach students to be critical readers. Being able to respond to what you read is very important. If my students can do this now in first grade there is nothing stopping them from being successful through college!  
852:::A typical day in my classroom can be summarized as an ever-evolving mixing pot of creative ideas. Students are constantly working collaboratively to solve various engineering tasks. \n\nMy students are a very energetic and creative group. They are constantly offering a unique perspective to any project. My school prides itself not only in it's academics, but also in it's athletics and various extra curricular activities. We as a faculty believe in providing as many opportunities to our student body as possible. \n\nIt is through this project that my students will be able to reverse engineering any mechanical object within a certain size. They will be able to analyze the device and attempt to recreate or improve. My students will learn the process of product development. They will begin to fully understand how things develop and improve over time via reverse engineering. This will all be accomplished through Makerbot's 3D scanner. The 3D scanner has the ability to scan small objects and transfer that data into a digital 3D model. My students will then be able to manipulate and modify that 3d model as they see fit for their assigned task. \n\nThis project will prove beneficial because it will be an important tool to reinforce various content areas such as science, technology, engineering, and math. This will increase the interest in pursuing these fields in college. 
853:::Learning should be engaging. Literacy tools will provide differentiation for my struggling readers. \n\nI am a former NYC Teaching Fellow, in my 8th year of teaching. I teach a 4th/5th grade bridged special education (multiple subjects) class in New York. My classroom demographic is diverse. My students are of ages 8-11. They have been diagnosed with learning disabilities (speech/language impairment, cognitive/developmental delays, etc.), sensory impairments (visual, auditory), related health alerts (ADD/ADHD) and emotional/behavioral disorders (EBD). I have a class of 12 children this year, 10 boys and 2 girls. All of my students receive free school lunch. 90% of my students are from broken homes. Most of them are below grade level in reading and require tremendous support academically. \n\nI am requesting various literacy tools to will help improve my students reading skills in a more engaging way. It is imperative that my struggling readers receive differentiated methods to help them access general education curriculum and help them attain their yearly goals. The games and activities can be used with the entire class or use in small groups with students leading the game. My scholars would be able to play these games and still learn much needed skills for Reading and Language Arts.\nI am requesting various reading games, because these games will truly gab my students attention. They will not even realize that they are learning.  Students will be able to have fun learning and gain information in a new type of way! I really hope you understand how much my students would benefit from having these literacy tools. \n\nYour donation would be greatly appreciated by my students, my school and myself. This opportunity will help to bridge the digital divide. Though my students do not have computers at home, with your donation they will have an opportunity to be exposed to technologically enhanced learning. Your donation will give my students the opportunity to enhance their learning. 
854:::By the end of Kindergarten I want my students to have been exposed to as much as they possibly could have been. They are like sponges, ready to soak up all the information that I can share with them. The challenge is often providing them with informational texts that are written at their level.  \n\nMy students live about 10 minutes outside of Detroit in a lower-class neighborhood. Their families have been hit hard by recent economic times. All of my students qualify for free or reduced lunch, and many stay after school to receive a free dinner program. They come from single-parent families, and some have very young parents who are working two jobs simply to put food on the table.  School is a place they come to escape the problems they face in their neighborhood.  I try to encourage all of my students to believe in themselves as learners and set goals for the future. My classroom environment is one that supports exploration and dreaming!  \n\nMy students need leveled  informational texts, Book of Answers-Science Levels A, B, and C. We will use the leveled informational texts in our guided reading block.  During this time I work with small groups of 4-6 students reading texts that are on their level. The need for nonfiction increases as the demands in higher grades increases. Using nonfiction texts during guided reading will allow me to teach vocabulary and other content areas, such as science all in one lesson.  \n\nThis project will allow me to put books in the hands of my students that are relevant to them because they can actually read them. This will motivate them and help them view themselves as readers and learners.  
855:::My students have limited experience with hands-on laboratory experiments. I want to use inquiry-based lab experiences to open their eyes to the wonderful world of experimental discovery. \n\nChemistry is known as the central science, as it connects and can explain all of the phenomena that we experience in our day-to-day lives. My students need hands-on experiences in science to engage them in their learning and foster creative thought and curiosity. Integrating hands-on laboratory experiences throughout the semester-long course will not only foster those connections, but may also inspire more students to pursue science seriously. \n\nLimited laboratory resources are available at my school. We often must devise experiments that require minimal equipment or expensive chemicals. There are only two Chemistry labs in the school, equipped with basic chemical safety equipment, but there are generally three sections being taught at one time. Basic eye wash and fire blanket equipment will be used to make a third Chemistry laboratory available so that all Chemistry students will have the opportunity to participate in laboratories. \n\nMany of my students do not aspire to go on to study at higher levels, and do not see themselves as scientists. I want to make my classroom a place where they feel empowered and could see themselves taking that next step. Using inquiry-based laboratories and hands-on learning activities engage my students. They are more interested when they understand how Chemistry connects to their everyday lives and lab experimentation is a great way to apply and connect to learning concepts. Thank you! 
856:::As literacy coach in a high poverty school, I work closely with teachers and students to encourage reading and writing across the curriculum. I am encouraging students to write to read. More writing = Better Readers.  "Use your notebook to breathe in the world around you." - Ralph Fletcher \n\nMy fabulous school is a very exciting place of learning. The hallways and classrooms are filled with so many wonderful students (approximately 600). We are a neighborhood school with an excellent culture for learning. I have been teaching at my beloved school for 20 years. Our grade levels cover grades prekindergarten through fourth grade.  Our motto is, "Where learning is a JOY!" \n\nOne of our main focuses at our school is to create confident readers and writers. I believe it will be very meaningful for the students to build and design their very own writer's notebook/journal. As they increase their writing stamina, they will become stronger readers. \n\nAs they discover a love of writing, they will possibly deepen their love of reading. These journals will provide an opportunity for the students to feel a strong personal connection to their daily writing. Hopefully this process will create lifelong writers. 
857:::My sweet second grade students love to learn and love to be challenged! \n\nThese wonderful second graders are from all over our beautiful city of Chicago.  We love our school and pride ourselves to continue making it the best place to be each and every day. My 32 students love to learn and take pride in the work that they do! \n\nThese common core reading and math materials will help my students reach their full potential.  The materials are fun and interactive. These comprehension cards feature content-rich texts that boost nonfiction comprehension and build grade-appropriate knowledge in social studies, science, nature, and more! Students just read through each high-interest text, then use evidence from the text to answer skill-building questions. Each set includes 90 write and wipe and reproducible activity cards in 3 levels to keep children challenged and engaged.    Each student will be able to choose texts at their own level and answer critical thinking questions using erasable felt tip pens.(They love using these resources!)  These materials are differentiated so that each child will be able to work at his or her individual level and therefore feel comfortable and excited to successfully accomplish their goals. \n\nThese materials will help my 32 adorable second graders set goals and accomplish them with smiles on their faces.  The activities are created to keep the students interested and challenged. 
858:::I am a sixth grade teacher in the Indianapolis Public Schools.  I work hard to make learning interesting.  \nWe use our computers for research, writing, and reading and math development.  We are in need of headphones so each student would have their own. \n\nMy students are sixth graders and our school is in an urban area.  They are eager to learn as long as you make it interesting.  They love to learn through the use of computers. My school has grades K-6.  It is a free and reduced lunch school.  We are very proud that our school is safe and one that strives for excellence in learning and behavior.  The sixth graders are our leaders and we strive for them to always set an example for our younger students and all adults in our building. \n\nI am fortunate to have a set of computers in my classroom.  The students become very engaged when we do computer work. \nOften we tie our computer work to research for social studies or science.  For instance, we do a thorough study of Black History.  We have a culminating activity of a play concerning Rosa Parks.\n\nWe also do much writing on our computers. The students learn how to use some of the tools that will be needed in our society of technology.  I like to have a good learning environment and this is difficult when the students do not have headphones during our use of computers. The noise becomes distracting and learning is not optimal.  My students need 40 headphones.  In my sixth grade class we are fortunate to have a computer for each student.  It gets very noisy, since we do not have headphones.  \n\n\nIf we receive the headphones, each student will have their own headphone to use.  This will enhance our classroom so that students will not be distracted by others. Most students do not do well in a noisy environment.  
859:::My students work very hard through out the year.  Help us make a memory book that will last a lifetime. \n\nI teach Pre-Kindergarten to eighteen wonderful children in the New York City area.  These children are so fun loving and full of life.  Many of them come from low income families and do not have the resources they need to help enhance their education. \n\nMy children love to use the art program on the computer.  They construct such beautiful work that I would like to print one of each month for the children.  We will compile five for each child and reflect on their progress through out the year. Due to budget cuts, we do not have a printer anymore.  \n\nYou will make it possible for my class to work on the computer and print out their work.  They will be able to show their work to their friends. The children will talk to each other about what they made and how they can expand on their work. Thank you for taking the time to support my students.  
860:::We are running out of valuable wall space in our room! Students need to feel proud of their work. In our combo class (Transitional Kindergarten, K, and 1st Grade levels), our walls are currently filled with anchor charts, student work, various learning tools, and so much more. \n\nI am teaching my young learners to be proud of their own work and to be reflective learners. Displaying their work and creating a classroom environment that is both inviting and conducive to learning will allow my students to thrive academically and socially. They will thoroughly see how much they've progressed throughout the year. \n\nWith the ceiling hooks kit, our class will be filled with learning. The children will be delighted to see their work displayed in novel ways. There are so many possibilities with using the ceiling space - I can create a classroom tree in our library area, with the branches hanging down from the ceiling. I can clearly label our Literacy Centers by hanging signs denoting the various stations. \n\nOpen House is coming up soon and the students want to show off to their families how far they've come and all that they've learned! Help us maximize our classroom space by donating to our project today! 
861:::The senior English teachers' arch nemesis is a disease called senioritis. Each year, in order to inoculate my 180 brilliant young writers against this plague, my students enact Shakespeare's Hamlet as a class and then write an original script or screenplay of their own. \n\nI teach at a school nestled between two very socioeconomically different cities, and as a result, about half of my students don't have access at home to the same basic technology that we use in the classroom. As a teacher, I need a great way to bridge the technology gap, allowing my students more opportunities for group collaboration and in-class project-based learning. This proposed script-writing project is just that, allowing me to make a smooth transition to the new Common Core State Standards! Everyone wins and no one gets infected with senioritis! \n\nWe've already read and analyzed various forms of literature.  We've performed Shakespeare's Hamlet. We've studied stagecraft and stage and screenplay formatting.  My students have just written their own 10 minute short stage and screenplays. We've even collaborated with our school's Theater Department, green lighting one outstanding student script to be performed for the entire student body by the advanced Theater as a brief one act. \n\nBut what about the rest of the scripts?  We still need to shoot them (the scripts, not the students).  In other words, we need a camera!  Help us get a Canon HD DSLR digital camera so we can wrap up the year right! The long-term goal of this project is to eventually build an in-class studio for creating films, blogs, advertisements and other digital productions. \n\nSenior year is often the last time, as educators, we have to make a difference in the lives of our students. I want my kids to enjoy every minute of their senior year, and to remember the real reason they were sent to school in the first place: to learn HOW to learn and how to work with others towards a common goal. To do that, the only thing we need now are the digital tools to take my student scripts off the page and into "action".\n\nIn other words, the only thing we need now is you!  
862:::A typical day is students from the age of kindergarten to fifth grade poor into the library all through the day searching eagerly for a book on their reading level that they will to take home to read. They look for several different books, chapter books, nonfiction books, biographies,\nand many more. \n\nI am the librarian for a small school in Oklahoma.  Like all schools in Oklahoma, the budget is tight and there is not extra money which means there are no new books for the library that services our kindergarten through fifth grade students.  Many of our students come from families with low socioeconomic backgrounds.  The district is responsible for putting all the resources they need in their hands.  Library books are one of the most important resources yet when the budget gets cut, the library is one of the first one to loose their money so we rely solely on fundraisers to earn money to buy new book and replace old ones that are showing the signs of many years of use. \n\nStudents will have a variety of book to choose from when they visit the library.  With more choices, I can attract more students.  If they are aware of new books in the library they are more apt to come in rather than realizing books in the library are the same books that have been in there for years.  This will allow me to give book talks and challenges to get the children excited about reading.\n \n\nAs the librarian, it is my job to encourage the students to visit the library and instill a love for reading by presenting them with riveting books to maintain their reading enthusiasm that allows them to see how meaningful and thrilling reading can be. Currently I have students that come to the library excited to check out a certain book only to be let down when they realize we dont have it.  This is very disheartening for me, as the librarian, because I want to see a book in every students hand when they leave the library.  My goal is to inspire the students to be lifelong learners and children that are continuously exposed to entertaining books will find a love for reading.  Reading is the gateway to learning! 
863:::In the YouTube generation, information is available with just a click! \n\nMy students are tech savvy, video watching middle schoolers. They are plugged in and ready to receive information with a simple click. Our school is diverse! We have students from different backgrounds and socioeconomic levels. This allows for a plethora of experiences brought into the classroom.  \n\nStudents want to learn in class how they access information at home. They are constantly on YouTube, looking up information or for enjoyment. By bringing the iPads into the class, students can make videos about the content, and access videos on the content presented in class. Students can interact with the material in a different, culturally relevant, way.  \n\nStudents are sometimes absent. With the use of video, a student can access the class even if they were out. Even students who are present in class but do not understand the material presented can access the material again if needed.   
864:::Our students love coming to the library!  What they don't love is not being able to find books they can read on their own.  Our early reader collection is rather limited and often the books are paperback and so they get well-loved rather quickly. \n\nOur students come from all over the metropolitan area, many from homes where books are not easily available, especially not such interactive books as those provided through Speakaboos.  We have been working hard to build our library to meet the needs of all of our students; finding books to help them get excited about reading as well as help them grow in their fluency and comprehension. \n\nOur students will use the Speakaboos during library time as well as normal class time.  The teachers will be able to use this resource for whole class instruction as well as for individualized practice.  Having the option to listen to the story or read the story on their own makes it very easy for our students to be exposed to many stories in a way that helps them be actively engaged at their own level. \n\nThis project will add a critical piece to our library time and to our classroom center rotations.  Students will have access to many more books at their levels as well as have the ability to listen to a story being read to them. 
865:::My students are full of energy and have the best imaginations I have yet experienced. Coming into a classroom full of excited 5 and 6 year-old children is something I look forward to every school day. Everyday with them is a brand new adventure! \n\nI currently have 23 kindergarten students, fifteen of which are English as a Second Language students. My school has many low poverty students, but you wouldn't be able to tell by observing their want and excitement to learn. Throughout the year, my students have grown into extremely caring and polite six year Old's. If somebody is every upset or hurt, they are rushing to their side to help them feel better. If a student gets a prize, they are always excited for them whether or not they received a prize themselves. I am always hearing please, thank you, and you're welcome. I am very honored to have such a warmhearted class and I'm not sure if I want to let them leave me come summer! \n\nI am requesting a mobile listening and storage center, along with a classroom cassette and CD player. The mobile listening center rolls on sturdy, locking casters. This will allow us to set up the listening center anywhere in our room! The cassette and CD player is durable, versatile and easy to use. The heavy-duty player is loaded with the features teachers use most! With the resources I am requesting, my students will be able to have a spacious area to listen to reading. Students will be able to look at all of the books on tape and CD I have available for them, and become more excited about reading! My students will now have the opportunity to listen to books on CD instead of just tapes everyday. By listening to a variety of genre readings, students will be able to grow their vocabulary and increase their ability to read \n\nBeing able to provide my students with the resources they need everyday can be very difficult. Having a stable listening center for them will allow them to be able to listen to a variety of books within different genres. Giving students the opportunity to explore the different books available to them on tape and CD will help their excitement for reading grow. A little tub isn't what they look forward to everyday for their listening center. A cart full of books, cassettes and CD's? Absolutely. 
866:::I believe that all children/young adults can learn, no matter what disabilities they have or where they come from.  \n\nMy students are classified (special education) 5th and 6th graders. They are inquisitive, lively, and hardworking. All of them come from non-English speaking households. They live in a low-income urban community. My school contains students from Pre-K to 6th grade. There are roughly 800 students in total.  \n\nMy students will use the two iPads to enhance their reading, writing, and mathematics lessons. The abundance of apps and access to information on a vast range of topics will allow my students to pursue areas they are interested in learning about. They can participate in online learning activities and games to reinforce lessons. The iPads will provide more differentiated instruction that will assist my visual, auditory, and kinesthetic learners.  \n\nMy students come from economically disadvantaged homes, where they do not have access to 21st-century technology. Having iPads in school will give them the opportunity to utilize this technology in an educational way. They will understand first hand that learning is and can be fun.  
867:::Do you remember art class when you were a child?  I do.  There was always something fun and exciting going on.  I looked forward to going to Art on Thursdays.  I want my students to be excited about art.  However, we need art supplies! \n\nMy art students are great kids who love to create works of art. I teach in a PreK-8th grade school and I see every student in my school at least once a week. The area that we live in is poverty stricken and the kids do not have all the supplies they need. The teachers and administration at our school are very supportive of our students and will do anything they can to help them. \n\nMy art classroom is a a very busy place and we go through lots and lots of art supplies each year. I see over 300 students every week. We need new art supplies so that my students will have an opportunity to prove their talents. At the present time we are running short on supplies.  Our pencil sharpener is dead, our markers are running out of ink, our crayons are broken and our paper supply is getting thin.  I have requested materials that I think we aid my students in becoming better artists. \n\nArt supplies will make a huge difference in my students' classroom experience. Children tend to get bored easily and if they are doing the same thing over and over, they will lose interest in art. I don't want my students to become bored with my class. If we can get new art supplies, they will be able to explore art in many different ways. 
868:::A typical day includes me standing at the door waiting for my students arrival and dealing with the many challenges that  are presented as they arrive.  Such as parents in jail, parents fighting or couldn't do homework because no electricity or shootings in the neighborhood.  \n\nMy students live in an urban setting with parents that have had very few educational opportunities.  They sometimes come in with a lot of baggage and my job is to manage their stress level before we can get onto the lesson.  When they answer questions, you never know what they are going to say therefore, I have to redirect them or guide them in the right direction.  They may have some anger issues and allowing them to to something in class or exposing them to something that they would otherwise not be able to do at home, is a welcomed relief.  Sometimes the different activities work and sometimes not.  \n\n"Kids need to think that you care before they care what you think" \n\nMy students are preparing for the states standards in reading and writing.  They have really gotten into writing.  I give them a prompt and they just write away.  They have increased their reading levels this year.  I love to save the text that they have written on the jump drives. Some of them have learned how to use the jump drive.  I would love to expose them to a hard drive that will allow them to save more writings.  \n\nThe digital recorder will allow them to record themselves and hear exactly the mistakes they make when reading.  My hope is to get them to speak clearly and make their subjects and verbs agree. \n\nI think that my students will be able to speak better, interview the faculty and other students, create a news show, pass their state standards, write more and just know that someone cares about them.   
869:::Do you prefer visual cues, auditory cues, or kinesthetic or tactile approaches when learning a new task or subject? According to the VAKT theorists, educators need to present information using all four styles. This allows all learners the opportunity to become involved, no matter what learning style.\n\nI am a specialist and I teach in a high-poverty, urban school. All of the classes in our school are inclusion classes, in which there are students learning English, students with disabilities, and regular education students learning along-side one another. There are no pullout classes, all classes are inclusive. Many of the students that I work with have had very little or no exposure with reading, such as little enrichment, verbal interaction, or print resources. These students are considered high-risk for reading failure in school. \n\nEffective systematic and explicit teaching of language-based skills, along with the added benefits of multi-sensory techniques (VAKT), dramatically improve struggling students' language skills and academic outcomes. By using specific multi-sensory approaches when teaching early emergent reading skills, students develop skills in key areas such as phonological awareness, letter knowledge, handwriting, phonics, fluency, spelling, and comprehension.\n\nMy students need hands-on materials and manipulatives, and electronic books and worksheets that can come alive and promote multi-sensory instruction. This will allow all of my students the opportunity to become involved in the lesson, no matter what their preferred learning style may be. They can learn a new reading skill with their dominant learning style. \n\nWhen presented with a paper and pencil assignment upper and lower case manipulatives will be available for my students to use, and their written assignment will be available to view via the projector. Lessons that are engaging, hands- on, and motivating will always be available to all my students. They will be able to engage in playful activities that will develop phonemic awareness skills, letter knowledge, handwriting, and phonics.\n\nStudies from the National Institute of Child Health & Human development have shown that for children with difficulties in learning to read, a multi-sensory teaching method is the most effective teaching method. Your help and support will ensure that my students receive the individualized instruction and multi-sensory methods required for their own individual learning styles. You will be a part of establishing confidence and independence in my students, and bring more chatter and laughter to their learning.
870:::School is all about learning, and I love teaching reading, writing, and math. But I also throw in a good mix of kindness, sharing, and my favorite...responsibility! \n\nMy students are amazing! They are so eager to learn and love hands on activities! We are a Title One district in a low-economic neighborhood. Many of my students are English Language Learners and still developing the skills needed to speak and understand the English language. \n\nI am requesting a button maker and extra buttons.  There are limitless possibilities with a classroom button maker!  We will use the button maker to make class jobs, as prizes, and awards \n\nThe students will love making their own buttons as a special prize.  And when the students master a key kindergarten skill such as letter recognition or sight word recognition we can award them a button in front of the whole skill.  We can also use the buttons to make class jobs and for math and literacy games! \n\nHelp keep my kindergarten students interested and engaged. They love to learn and are fantastic students. I know your donation will keep them wanting to learn and be responsible...the possibilities are endless with a button maker! 
871:::Every morning my students and I start off with a morning meeting. We discuss two highs and one low from our day, or weekend, before seeing each other again. \n \n\nMorning meeting is important to us because so many of my students come from unstable environments that require a lot of adjusting before they can begin the rigorous task of school work. My students are constantly working to earn incentives such as time on the computer, time outside, or time to play a game with other students or staff.   \n\nMy students will be using this gift during their choice time. This choice time is important to them because it gives them a break that they often need, and have studiously earned. Giving my students an incentive to work that is also educationally beneficial is a holy grail!   \n\nBy giving students an earned incentive it teaches them to work for things that they desire. They learn that effort and hard work are associated with benefit. By pairing things they desire with efforts my students begin to associate effort in their education as a personal reward. Thus, education and learning become their own reward....and in their own right! 
872:::Dr. Seuss says, "The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go."  I am incredibly lucky to have a classroom of children that love to read.  I would love to reward them with amenities to make their reading experience more enjoyable. \n\nMy students are a diverse group of 3rd graders from multiple towns.  They bring a wealth of different experiences and personalities, but share one thing in common - they love to read!  Most of my students are on-level readers, which means that they are able to enjoy a wide variety of literature.  While I have a few students who are below-level readers, they still enjoy their reading time. \n\nMy school utilizes a reader's workshop model for our reading instruction.  I love this model because the students are able to spend a lot of time simply reading.  They can choose their own books and practice the skills and strategies that they learn within genres of their own choosing.  I would love to reward them during this time.  Comfy bean bag chairs and pillows will add to the atmosphere in our classroom.  Individual, colorful, sturdy book bins will replace the dull, cardboard ones we currently use. \n\nYour generosity will create a wonderful environment for my students to read in, every single day.  You will add that extra bit of both comfort and enjoyment to our classroom.  Reading time will be extra special in my classroom. 
873:::Can you imagine how difficult it is for young learners to learn without hands-on manipulatives? It is very difficult for little minds to think without actually using manipulatives or guides to learn standards. Literacy and math centers depend on using different techniques to assist their learning. \n\nMy students are an enthusiastic group of kindergarten students that thrive on seeing, touching, transforming, and exploring. They love to learn new things and these tools will enable them to experience information in ways they have never done before. To keep their attention, I try my hardest to utilize manipulatives and activities to improve their learning. We do have some manipulatives in our class, but more items are needed. \n\nIn math, students in kindergarten learn by using many different types of hands-on materials in new ways. In my classroom, I only have a few choices for them, which sometimes makes the students bored. These manipulatives, including the vehicle counters, sea animal counters, and geoboards, will enhance their learning and build their skills so they can master them. \n\nThe literacy centers in my class are always ones my students look forward to. Unfortunately, there are only so many volunteers and myself in the room, so students cannot always be read to and questions. The listening center is to help my students independently build their skills in language arts, which will them build their skills in other areas of school. The games will help them build their L.A. skills.\n\nStudents do not only learn math and language arts skills in Kindergarten. They also learn art, science, and more! The art supplies will help my students have tools they need to reach their highest potential and become well-rounded students. \n\nMy students love center time and seeing new things added each week. I do not like to see my students getting "bored" with centers in my classroom, and I do like to change them up when I can. These new tools will help prepare my students for the next school year. With your help, you will make it possible for my students to improve their reading, writing, math skills, and more by enabling them to reinforce lessons learned in class. 
874:::My students are eager to learn and they love to spend time in the computer lab. During a lesson I will put a game on and they love to play the game, however they just raise their hands to answer the question and I see a lot of them lose interest quickly. Technology is important to know! \n\nMost of the students I have in my class come from a low income families. I know that when I have them do fun activities they participate and help each other out. Because the school is tech savvy I expose my students to lots of technology. Due to class size some students share computers and never really have a chance to experiment with them. During computer time all of my students are sitting quietly and are focused on their screens, this is the quietest I will ever hear them. \n\nHaving this laptops available I can have students who finish their work to practice their reading, math, and writing. A lot of my students can use the laptops as a support to help them improve in the class. I can also have a set technology station everyday for them to use instead of them just going to the computer lab once a week. \n\nI want all of my students exposed to the use of laptops. It is important to use them because they need to know how to use, start, and open things. I know that most of my students will not use a laptop or even see a laptop until middle school and having these resources available to them will help in their exposure to technology. 
875:::Can you imagine not being able to count your change at the store? This is the reality for some of my students if they don't increase their math skills. I want my students to learn about the importance of financial literacy now so that they can improve their outcomes. \n\nI teach 5th grade at a high poverty school in North Carolina. My students face a variety of obstacles that sometimes make it hard for them to come to school each day. I teach students who are English Language Learners, Exceptional Children and gifted. I also teach students who work hard each and every day and some who rarely work hard. In my classroom, it is my goal to make sure that all my different types of learners succeed. \n\nI am requesting a Chromebook so that my students will be able to work on their math program, called IXL. This program helps them improve their math skills and will ultimately result in students who are able to easily count and manage their own money. I also need this technology so that my students can research financial literacy. There is a plethora of information on the Internet about this topic including simulation games. I know my students will learn about this concept best if they are able to do their favorite thing - research it.  \n\nThis project is important because without being financially literate, life will be harder for my students. Financial literacy is part of our Social Studies curriculum and it is very important to me that I teach it and teach it well. This topic is not visited often in schools and I want my students to have a good background before they get older. 
876:::Welcome back to school Class of 2015.  I teach 8th grade students in the Bronx at a K-8 school.  For many of them they have been in the same school since Kindergarten.  8th grade is a big year for them.  They graduate!!  I would love to make the year easier by getting basic supplies for them. \n\nThey are a group of 80-100 eighth grade students from the Bronx NY.  They are the oldest in a school of 800.  They are multicultural, multilingual, and very excited to be in the eighth grade.  They enjoy English and Social Studies very much as I have them create beautiful projects with all the supplies I receive each year. \n\nMy students will use the materials I am requesting to become more organized, focused, prepared to learn and ready to read and write.  I believe if my students have an organize base they will be better prepared to learn.  They will benefit from starting the year off on a positive note with all the supplies they will need for the year.  The folders will help them keep their published work safe and organized.  The markers, pencils, pens, glue , scissors and colored pencils will help them create beautiful projects to hang around the room to highlight their work. \n\nThese materials will improve their lives by providing them with basic supplies each student should have in September.  They will not feel embarrassed, instead they will feel proud of their new materials and put them to great use. 
877:::Screech! Do you remember having to look at the chalk board all day long? Can you remember the screeching sound the board made while the teacher had her back to you writing on the chalk board? If so, you understand how important it is to get technology into my students' hands every day. \n\nThis year, my group of students are even more diverse than last year's class. I see several challenges already. The majority of my students are from low income families. These are the families who are struggling to buy school supplies and struggling to obtain their essential daily needs. However, that does not describe all of my students. A very small percentage of my students are from homes without financial problems.  \n\n This iPad and headphones will help me close the achievement gap among my students. They will also help get technology into the palms of my students' hands to do research when we are discussing economics and finance. These portable devices will also be used by students to review daily skills. The sky's the limit when it comes to the use of an iPad in the classroom! \n\nIt would mean the world to my students to have these earphones, in addition to the iPad, in our classroom. I have students who had never touched an iPad before entering my classroom. I also have students where school is the only place that they will be given the opportunity to access technology. Please help make a difference in the lives of my students by donating to our project.  
878:::At 2 pm my room morphs from a typical classroom to a full-scale production office. It's called Yearbook but it's not just about the book. It's about creating multimedia & video that blow people away. It's about shows that completely stun 1st time viewers. It's about leaving the audience wanting more. \n\nClass members are not called students. They are writers, directors, producers, editors, production coordinators. They aren't given assignments. They are given jobs. They don't have due dates; they have deadlines. Lessons are actually meetings, guided by the staff's response to ideas and concepts proposed and developed throughout the year. They're chosen  for this because they are the brightest, most creative kids in the whole school. They are "the crazy ones. The ones who see things "differently."  Many are different, often don't "fit in." My school knows this and supports the class because it's an amazing outlet for these types of students. \n\nThe school is considered in the low socioeconomic range with over 65% of students qualified for free or reduced lunch. It sits in an area of LA County decidedly urban and unfortunately not too safe at times. The school, the students say, is the one place where they feel the safest. \nWe changed to a Business Academy in 2011 but my Yearbook class remains. \n\nThe TVs will provide live video that's captured for audiences at shows & presentations that my yearbook class produces. Cameras around the stage give the audience a view they can't have from their seat. They capture the acts & performances during the entire show while a student director calls the shots for the screen. We use projectors but they are problematic due to lighting & space. Our cafeteria is also the auditorium so visual aids that remain permanent are not practical.  For now we use two screens on each side of the stage w/ projectors for each.  \n\nPlease view this behind the scenes video to see how we will use them. Copy and paste:\nhttp://tinyurl.com/ldun78m Other past acts that show use:      \nhttp://tinyurl.com/loghxa4\nhttp://tinyurl.com/m5443ly    \nhttp://tinyurl.com/mwjsapk\nTVs will go where you see the sheets of white cardboard that we use for a screen.\nBesides helping for anything needing a closeup, we also show interviews backstage like on Dancing With the Stars et al. \n\nProjectors are fine for lessons. But a stage, unlike a classroom, needs very bright lights. Those lights compete against the projectors, greatly reducing the image. A picture on flat panel TV monitors won't be affected by stage lights, people can walk in front of them without casting a shadow, and an expensive projector won't be 10 ft. away in the crowd. TVs also don't need expensive bulbs replaced & it doesn't have to be completely dark to see. Also, we won't have to borrow one from other teachers.  
879:::Unless you are a video game, opening a child's imagination can be a struggle.  I hope to find books to get students interested in reading.  Gary Paulsen's characters often have wild imaginations and adventures.  I want my students to experience these stories and hopefully get hooked on books! \n\nSome years I teach a group of third graders and other years fourth graders.  They are mixed classes ability wise and  academically.  The students come from many varied backgrounds.  These 8, 9, and 10 year olds come from a small rural community that is surrounded by lakes and more than doubles in population in the summertime.  Due to the smallness of the town the school at one time was the focal point of the town.  It is a small quaint school.   \n\nOften times in one classroom there is a wide variety of reading abilities.  My students have the option of forming small groups by choosing which book they would like to read.  Sometimes the books will focus on one theme, or topic, and in this particular case the books will all be by the same author.  The students will compare plot development, characters, topics, and theme all from the same author.  They will be able to see if patterns from the author develop.  While learning about the books and what makes a good story, my aim is also to instill the love of reading in my students! \n\nBy adding these three book titles into my classroom I will be able to offer more reading choices to my students.  Harris and me is about a boy who has to spend the summer at a relatives farm.  Many of the events as a child I could relate to.  I don't hear of children having these same adventures.  In Lawn Boy the main character starts a lawn mowing business and makes a small fortune.  I hope to open the imaginations of my students and showing them that being a child is fun.   
880:::Our Decatur students face tremendous obstacles. They are hungry, not only for a balanced and nutritious diet, but also for stimulating outdoor activities. Our school does not get the necessary materials because of all the school budget cuts. We need to provide these opportunities in school. \n\nMy school population has a little over 1,000 students and has K to 8th grade classes.  All the students at Decatur are eager to learn and enjoy life. These students are full of energy. They love sports but have limited opportunities in our school due to the lack of funding. We also emphasize daily moderate to average physical activity as well as health and nutrition. We are working hard to provide our students with a wide range of interesting and fun activities to enjoy, especially during recess. \n\nOur students will be thrilled to enjoy these new recess activities. The beanbag sets and softball sets will help the our students stay focused on a particular activity.  \n\nIf we get these materials and our students get to go outside, their eyes will light up because they will be able to play with new resources. These resources will also enable students with a wide range of abilities to participate in exciting activities. They will be able to work on important gross motor skills as well as team building,  sportsmanship, sharing, and learning. The students do their best to share with what we have now but there are just not enough to go around in our school. More equipment will give more kids a chance to play as well as make new friends. \n\nOur students are full of energy and have too few opportunities to let that energy out in a positive manner. These resources will give them a chance to do that. Our school works hard to teach our students how to make fitness and health part of their everyday lives. With these new recess activities, it will be done! All of  our students will also look forward to recess because they will be able to have fun and use their new materials together. 
881:::A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't."  - Mark Twain. A student who doesn't enjoy reading, won't read, thus inhibiting their future chances of success.  As the librarian at Show Low High School, I want to have books available that grab the attention of all students. \n\nThe interests of 9th-12th grade students here in small town USA vary greatly. Kids are interested in anything from skateboarding to performing in the high school show choir to riding horses.  From learning how to draw the latest anime character to fishing, or learning how to cook gourmet. Their time is often spent hanging out listening to music or posting online, to dating or training for their school sport. Their taste in reading is just as diverse. On an average day kids will check out anything from Superhero comics to classic novels assigned by their teachers. There are those who gravitate to anything vampire related, to the latest teen series, to how to be a better chess player.  Then, of course, there are those who have no interest in reading and see the library simply as a place they are forced to go to when their English or Social Studies teachers want them to do research. I want our library to appeal to all these students so that everyone can find pleasure in reading. \n\nIn the time I've been at SLHS, I've noticed that our students, both male and female, highly favor the teen book series, especially those that have been made into movies or are about to be made into movies. Unfortunately, many of our book series are incomplete due to lost books or there not being funding to purchase the next book in the series. Every time I have to tell a student that we don't have the sequel, I can see and feel their disappointment. It's like reading a book with the last half missing. I want them to be able to finish what they've started. To be able to build on the excitement of expectation as they read what happens next. The great thing about a book series is that it keeps students engaged; they don't want to stop reading.  Sometimes, the movie encourages them to check out the next book because they don't want to wait for the film's sequel; they want to know what happens NOW. I want to be able to build on this excitement to get kids into reading. \n\nUsing the popularity of the book series and having these books readily available, I see students taking a greater interest in and developing a love of reading. Those who read, lead, as the saying goes, and I believe if a love of and a hunger for reading is instilled in our high school students through books that interest and engage them, that there is no limit to what they can do or be in the future. 
882:::Technology is such an important part of students lives today. I want to give my students all the exposure I can to different types and uses for technology. An iPad mini would allow my students to interact with the white board from their seats. \n\nI teach kindergarten at a Title one school. Title one means that the majority of the school qualifies for free or reduced lunch. If parents do not have enough money to pay for lunch, they more than likely do not have enough money to provide their child with the latest technology out there. \n\nYou may have heard of a smart board. My school uses a mimio for an interactive white board. The mimio comes with a pen that does not always work correctly. Plus parts of my whiteboard is a little high for some of the Kindergarteners to reach, even with a step stool. Having an iPad mini would allow the students to use the interactive white board from their seats, so as not too worry if they can reach everything uses the mimio pen. It will also allow my class to have the Internet at our fingertips when we are one the carpet for learning. Kindergarteners are not afraid to ask questions and when they do, I would be able to pull up a picture quickly using the iPad, rather than waiting till we go back to their seats so I can show them on my computer. It will provide learning at their fingertips. \n\nFlorida schools are moving to all Online text books in the near future. By exposing the students in kindergarten as to how to use a tablet, they will be ready for when that change comes. They will be on a level playing field as their peers in more affluent schools. 
883:::If you give a students the supplies they need, they will have a greater opportunity to learn. \n\nMy students are energetic second graders. They have recently stepped up to the challenge of learning how to be a positive, supportive member of our classroom and school community. They are motivated and considerate citizens and I want to be able to support them in their educational pursuits by supplying a comfortable, efficient learning environment. \n\nIt is vital for students to develop a love of reading during their early years of school.  I try to entice my students through a variety of literacy based activities every day.  My students love to listen to reading on our local library website, and having a mouse and headphones at the computer makes that more enjoyable for everyone!  Also integrating manipulatives that help students build and learn new words helps them to build a reader's vocabulary.  Once that love for reading is there, all my students need is a quiet place to read and a place to store all their wonderful books! \n\nHelp my students want to become better readers by supplying them with reading activities, computer accessorizes, and book bins.  These simple items can plant the seed of a lifelong reader. 
884:::Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless." -Mother Teresa\n\nCommunication is power! Sometimes the power of communication is used in a harmful manner, especially when it comes to bullying. Bullying comes in all sizes, shapes, and forms. \n\nMy students attend school in Michigan, in an area hit hard by today's economic conditions. Families are under stress and this feeling of powerlessness is felt by even the smallest school age children. Students from Kindergarten to 4th grade are having difficulty paying attention to the learning process. Sometimes these same kids lash out at others around them, both verbally and physically.\n\nThe students I work with all have communication impairments. Communication is difficult for my students who struggle with articulation, expressive and receptive language, stuttering, and other communication challenges. My students often have significant difficulty in social situations. Often it is the children who are perceived as different who are the targets of bullying and teasing. My students need to learn effective tools to be able to advocate for themselves in difficult situations. They also need to reflect upon their own behaviors and interactions with peers and make necessary changes. \n\nMy students will develop, write, direct, produce and distribute a short movie designed to teach others about appropriate behavior and interaction within the school setting. We will be able to provide a copy of the DVD and an illustrated booklet to every classroom in the school.  After watching the movie with their classmates, my students will hold a 'Question and Answer' session so that their peers will be able to ask questions about making a movie.\n\nBy participating in this project, not only will my students improve their communication abilities, but they will also be providing a much needed resource for our school building.\n\nThis activity will involve many levels of education including interaction with typically developing peers. The more positive interactions we can create, the more my communication impaired students will be accepted into the social circle of their peers. 
885:::We are the Flicek Bucket Fillers.  We work hard every day to fill the "buckets" of everyone we meet.  We are kind to everyone.  We are a family and spend most of our day in our classroom.  We want to make it an organized and welcoming place to be. \n\nI have the best students in the world.  I love what I do and bring this into my teaching.  It rubs off on my students and you can see that they love to come to school each and every day.  My school is in the first year of changing over to a STEM school.  We have a little more than 400 students in our school.  My first grade classroom has an average of 25 students.  We have about a 25% Native American population in our school.  We are not a Title One funded school, so we do not get additional funds for things that we need in our classroom.  I will be starting up a new classroom at my school and that is why I am asking for these supplies.   \n\nIt may not seem like these seat sacks and book bins could do a lot for a classroom.  Let me help you imagine their importance.  My students need lots of books available to them every day.  They are reading them, retelling their stories, flagging key items that we are learning about and just plain loving to read.  They need a place for all of their books.  These book bins will store their valuable books for easy access.  Each student would be able to have their own book bin and take it wherever they want to sit to comfortably do their reading work.  The seat sacks are needed for organization purposes as well.  Without desks, students need a location close to them to store their supplies.  I don't want them to lose precious instructional time to look for their needed items.  If they had these seat sacks, they could easily turn around in their chair and grab what they need.  No instructional time wasted and a happy, organized classroom created! \n\nI will be starting a brand new classroom in the coming year.  This classroom is limited in the resources that is has available.  The donations for this project will help me create a welcoming environment for my students.  My students will spend 6+ hours a day in this room, so I want it to be the best place for them.  These organizing items will help us get to the important tasks at hand.  We won't waste anytime looking for our books and supplies.  They will be right at hand.   
886:::A typical day in my classroom is very exciting. My students are very settled into our routine and can move about the classroom very nicely. At the end of the school year I would like to implement the "read to self" component of The Daily Five, but I am lacking the resources to do so. \n\nMy students are amazing little human beings. I have watched them learn and grow so much this year. Most of them are blessed with great parental support at home which has helped them succeed in kindergarten. My group this year loves to give hugs. I consider myself to be so lucky because I am surrounded by an endless supply of hugs and love everyday. \n\nMy school is fairly new and is filled with wonderful teachers. The staff at my school is young and very ambitious and creative. We recently were proposed with the challenge to decorate the school for Dr. Seuss Day and every grade level decorated their hallway like one of Dr. Seuss' books. It was amazing how realistic and beautiful the hallways looked! My team did Horton Hears a Who, so we made Horton of course and we included the quote, "A person's a person, no matter how small". I feel like that was very fitting for our little kindergarteners. \n\nI have requested portable cd players with headphones for my classroom. I currently just have one regular cd player with one set of headphones. During reading centers in the morning, one of the centers is the listening center, but only one student can listen to a book at a time. I would love to be able to have four students at once listening to different books around the room. I always choose books that are at a higher level than what my students are at, because they have a higher listening comprehension. They love listening to stories that I read, so when I turn the ownership over to them, I often see my girl students holding the book like I do and pretending to read it to an imaginary class! After they read the story they fill out a listening comprehension sheet, where they need to write the title of the story and draw their favorite part. I would love to walk around after centers and see four different stories read and hear about what their favorite parts were! \n\nI think this will make a huge difference in my classroom because my students love to listen to stories. This will allow 3 more students per day to listen to stories. These stories that they will be able to listen to will increase their vocabulary and expand their imagination. My students' lives will improve because they have already worked so hard to become little readers, and this will help them continue on that journey! 
887:::I would like my students to have many more opportunities during the day to use classroom technology. \n\nMy students are so excited about technology.  We visit the computer lab once a week.  We share it with the rest of the elementary.   I feel this is not enough exposure.  The students are so good about sharing our  one iPad but they have been asking for more. I was introduced to a Nabi by a parent and student.  The student was able to show me how to use it.  I loved it immediately and feel it would be a perfect tool for our students to use. \n\nStudents will get to learn how the Nabi is operated. They will explore interactive activities for phonics, math, and reading.  They will watch videos relating to science and social studies topics. The opportunities are endless.  I am sure we will find many other ways to use them as we learn what else the Nabi can do. \n\nChildren need to be exposed to technology every day.  They need to become confident at a young age as they will be using technology all through school and in their careers. I feel at this age they are more willing to explore without the fear of making mistakes. 
888:::My collegiate students are inquisitive and willing to learn.   I have many different types and levels of learners who need differentiated instruction.  An ipad would allow my students to learn Spanish using many more activities than the ones they currently have including reading and listening apps.\n \n\nMy school is a collegiate high school. Almost 100% of our students go on to college. Most universities already have 21st century technology, and I want to make sure that my students will be as proficient with technology as possible when they go to college. The students at my school come from a predominantly urban setting. Our demographics are: 3.5% Asian, 29.9 % African-American, 23.2% Hispanic 4.0% multiracial, and 39.5% white. Fifty-five percent of our students are females and 44% of our students are males. Many of students come from low income homes and many will be the first ones to graduate from high school and go on to college. Our students are motivated and enthusiastic when given the opportunity to show their talents.   My students are in Spanish 1 or Spanish 2 and having an ipad will allow them to get instant audio whenever they want to hear or record a word in Spanish. We are a charter school and receive less funds per child than public schools, though Donors Choose has been great! \n\nI am trying to create a Green  21st Century environment for my Spanish students one pad at a time until we can get 6 and students can work in groups of 4-5. I currently only have 1 pad (Thanks to Donors Choose!). Reading, conjugating and doing drills on the iPads and being able to project on the Promethean board using wireless technology will allow me and my students to be more mobile and productive. It will also save lots of paper and other supplies.  Currently, the computer must be hard wired to the projector and screen making it necessary for me to stay in one spot.\nMost universities already have 21st century technology, and I want to make sure that my students will be proficient with technology when they go to college.  I want them to enter college knowing how to use ipads to gather knowledge and find resources to help them be successful in college and to be life long learners. \n\nThe iPad is such a great product! The students can use the same technology to create, edit, and upload their presentation. They can also use the iPads to present to others as it can wirelessly link to a projector.  My students will become more tech savvy and better researchers as they discover the many uses of an iPad. \nTechnology is a big part of teaching in the 21st century! My students do not have much technology at home so exposure at school is very important. 
889:::I work in the Learning Lab.  A lab is a place where all students come daily to explore and challenge their thinking.  We ask questions and we talk about our strengths and weaknesses but most importantly we explore ways to turn our challenges into successes! \n\nThe majority of the students who attend my elementary school are ethnic minorities. All the students in our school receive a free breakfast and lunch to enhance their ability to grow and learn.  Many students are homeless or live in subsidized  housing. The students I support have  learning disabilities and are challenged by traditional methods of teaching and learning.  In addition to their learning disabilities,  my student are second language learners, (Spanish) and  they benefit from the experiential(hands-on/real world) approach to learning.  That is why the fraction resources are so important.  Finally, my students value every chance to learn! \n\nI am requesting funding for two items, a complete set of Building Equivalency Learning Centers and Fractions Activity Stations.  The Building Equivalency Center will help by students gain mathematical confidence as they build foundational skills.  The Building Equivalency learning centers will allow my children to work independently or in a small group. Each center includes 40 problem strips and all the activity cards my children need to find mathematical answers. With your help, the learning lab will get 3 new centers, each with enough materials for up to 4 students at once.\nThe Fraction Activity Stations will allow my students to work at their own pace to build imaginary worlds in ancient Egypt or Outer Space, as they learn about fractions.  The Fraction Station comes with a storage box, that includes 4 different stations, supporting up to 4 students. Plus, the kit provides suggestions for extensions activities that my students can share with their parents.\nnew \n\nThe donations will enhance student understanding of the common core mathematical standards.  The fraction center will stimulate my students imagination. It will change my student lives my allowing them to visualize real-mathematical problems that impact their home and small community.   But most importantly, it will improve my classroom by creating a buzz of excitement for learning a very challenging  subject, fractions! 
890:::In the course of the day, my first graders need opportunities to take quick brain breaks and move their bodies.  Being able to get up and move around gets them energized and refocused. \n\nMy students are active, eager first graders who have a real love of learning.  I have students who come from a range of backgrounds, but all of them have one thing in common:  they are 7 years old and that means they need to MOVE!!  We have over 600 students at our K-3 school, and not much time for the children to have full access to all the playground equipment. I see lots of kids coming into school with little experience with balance and movement.  As a teacher of young children, I know how important the development of large motor skills is to their development. \n\nImagine sitting at your desk at work all day long, with limited opportunities to get up and move.  Now imagine that your boss wants you to give your best efforts all day long!  With winter here, rainy days are coming and that means no playground time for my students to work those muscles.  Having access to some equipment in my room means I can have quick brain breaks any time we need them, rain or shine!  Ten or twenty minutes here and there can help my students get refocused and ready to learn.  The purchase of can stilts, balance beams and other equipment to help develop skills with balance, movement and gross motor abilities will benefit not only this class, but future students as well.   \n\nWhen children have a chance to get the wiggles out, they are better able to concentrate and learn.  I see less disruptive behavior from students when they have had an opportunity to move around.  That means more positive attitudes for them, and less negative interactions overall. 
891:::Everyday we start off by opening up our engineering notebooks and doing a warm-up.  Which really sets the tone for the day.  \n\nI teach in a school in Houston.  My students mostly come from economically disadvantaged homes where they need to worry more about if they will have a good dinner and not about homework.  My school is trying hard to show my students a different world to pull them out of poverty and empower with the skills to be successful in life but we need certain supplies that most on my students are unable to get. Therefore I have turned to donors choose so I can supply the things my students need to succeed.  \n\nIn my class we use our engineering notebooks everyday.  It is where they put all of their work and notes for my classes.  They also do all of their designs for products that they would like to build.  These notebooks are essential for my class and they will also allow my student to prepare for life in the real world.  Engineers use engineering notebooks for their every day drawings and designing.  I am trying to make my class as much as the real job market as possible and I am sure that their future employers will be impressed with their abilities because of all their practice in my class.  \n\nThese donations will allow me to make my classroom into more of a real world engineering environment.  My students will have more of what they need to be successful. Not only in my class but also in their future employment.   
892:::What makes my job so wonderful and enjoyable is seeing the look on my students' face when they learn something new and fascinating. I have a natural love for science and my students have quickly grown to love science as well! Science is about observing the real! \n\nI have a spectacular second grade class that loves to learn new things any chance they get! They are constantly asking questions and have a natural curiosity that makes being a teacher that much more meaningful. My students come from low-income families and I believe they deserve the best resources available to spark a love for life-long learning in order to be successful adults in the future. \n\nWe will be starting a life cycles unit in science about plants and animals. With a live butterfly habitat, my students will observe and take notes in their science notebooks of what they notice about our changing insects. My students will be able to see a life cycle before their very eyes! Nothing can beat learning like that! \n\nDonations to my classroom will help my students continue and develop their love for learning. If my students can learn in second grade that learning is fun and meaningful, then they will continue to grow into life-long learners. My hope is for my students to educate themselves for the rest of their lives. 
893:::Do you know that feeling you get when you purchase a new piece of electronic equipment only to discover that you don't have batteries or cables?\n\nOur growing performing arts department was recently given some wireless microphones, but unfortunately, batteries are not included! \n\nOur school has seen tremendous growth in our performing arts department with the production of 2 plays so far this year and a planned end-of-the-year musical.\n\nThe students are predominantly Hispanic and African-American and many are recent immigrants to the US.  Most of our productions have centered around celebrating these diverse cultures through music, dance and theater.\n\nFor many of the students, this is one of their few outlets to participate in the arts and have the experience of working towards a creative vision. \n\nThis year, we were fortunate enough to be given some sound equipment which has allowed us to not only enhance production values, but also begin to have a student-run tech crew.\n\nWe have discovered that putting on these shows uses a lot of expendables:  batteries, tape, etc.\n\nAdditionally, our set of wireless microphones does not have a proper storage case, leaving it susceptible to damages or theft.\n\nAs we finished our last show a few weeks ago, teachers were scrambling around to find batteries and sound equipment was propped up on boxes!  Since we want this equipment to be available for students for years to come, it's time we keep it safe!\n\nLastly, as the school and students prepare to create their first musical this spring, we'd like to make sure we have the basics on hand and ready. \n\nOur performing arts program is an important part of the student's lives, but also of the community.  We invite neighboring elementary schools in to watch shows, it's inspiring to see their eyes light up when the lights go down.\n\nHelp us continue to have lights (and sound)!\n\n:) 
894:::Students love to laugh in my 8th LA classroom. Each day, we introduce the learning target with a warm-up.  Students discuss their responses for a few laughs or intimate moments with the classroom family before getting down to business. Who knew reading and writing could make us love being together? \n\nOur school and students have many needs.  Our free/reduced lunch statistics are JUST BARELY BELOW the percentage needed to receive additional funding.  This means that our school does not have resources, personnel, programming, and supplies to meet the needs of our high poverty students because we don't meet the cut-off.  As a result we need to be creative to provide some of those "extras" to which all students should be entitled.  \n\nMy students are fun, energetic, and have a strong desire to succeed and be the best version of themselves they can be.  They deserve to have access to resources that they can utilize in class to achieve their best. \n\nReading does not belong to books alone anymore.  Students need direct access to rich, meaningful texts in the classroom, and this can no longer be limited to what is available on a classroom library bookshelf.  These tablets will give students access to virtually unlimited digital texts available.  The moment their curiosity is piqued, students will be able to find an article or ebook on the topic and dive in.  \n\nFollowing the Readers-Writers Workshop model, students can be engaged in self-selected text in a moment's notice.  They will also have access to websites for research and be able to type and submit work using Google Drive.  \n\nIt is no longer acceptable for students in today's world to have restricted access to technology because the resource is not available to them.  Poverty or limited funding should no longer be a barrier to their potential.  These tablets will close the gap and raise the bar for all students. \n\nThese tablets are not fancy-schmancy iPads for one reason:  I want as many students as possible to get their fingers on a tablet.  \n\nIPads are expensive and will need to be replaced within a few years anyway.  These lesser known android tablets are compatible with Google Drive and other Google Play apps.  I have already adopted a "BYOD" (Bring Your Own Device) culture in my classroom, but not all kids have their own.  With these tablets on hand, all students will now have access to the cloud. 
895:::Our Kindergarten class is very energetic and thirsty to learn.  We start everyday with Good Morning and end with have a great day!  We incorporate many different learning styles into every lesson and learn by movement. \n\nOur school is a Title One school in Southern Indiana.  Many of the Kindergarten students are on free or reduced lunch and have few resources.  Even though they do not have many books at home or opportunities to go to the public library they love to read.   \n\nLast year our school adopted the Reader's Workshop program and we have had lots of success.  Fortunately for us,our school has  created a wonderful leveled library where teachers can borrow many different books depending on the reading level of the students.  My students are typically on a level A- Level D.  These books are very short so the students need to have at least 10- 15 books each.  Having so many books is great for independent reading time, but they are difficult to store and transport.  Families do not have the income to provide another bag for the students to keep at school and having them in the desk waste time.  Having a bag just for their leveled readers and tools for good reading will reduce wasted time and let the students grab and go to their reading spot. \n\nEven though a book bag doesn't seem like it would make a big difference, it does!  Many of the students do not have any books at home especially not on their reading level. Having a bag just for their leveled readers will allow them to have more books at their disposal and a place to store them.  Many of our students lack organizational skills and have difficulty transitioning.  Instead of using their independent reading time finding books in their desk they can just grab the bag and go! 
896:::Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn."-Benjamin Franklin\nThere is no doubt that hands-on learning is best practice in our schools today.  All teachers realize incorporating this kind of learning into our every day schedule is essential for our students' success. \n\nMy classroom is made up of a mix of abilities and needs; however, my students all have one thing in common: They are all not only eager to learn, but they are also eager to be involved in constructing their own knowledge.  Not a day goes by that I don't have almost every hand up with the classic "ooo! ooo! ooo!" that all teachers know and love.  As a teacher, I strive to foster this love of learning.  I want my students to be involved in their learning across all subjects, and I'd love to have ample resources right in my room and have them instantly available for their use!   \n\nIn third grade, based on VA state standards, students are expected to be able to understand the parts of a dictionary and thesaurus as well as be able to use them efficiently.  I currently have approximately 10, small-print, Webster's dictionaries in my classroom and no thesauruses.  In order to successfully teach students the use of a dictionary and thesaurus, I feel it is imperative that I have a student-friendly version of each of these reference books.  I feel it is equally important to have enough of these books so that each student can explore on their own!  If we have our own class set of dictionaries and thesauruses, students will be able to participate in "dictionary hunts", successfully find the spelling of words they've misspelled in their writing, and find synonyms to make their writing more powerful.\n\nIn math, I believe hands-on learning is EVERYTHING.  These Judy Clocks and base ten blocks will ensure my students will have these manipulatives at their access at any time. \n\nYour donation to my project will foster my students' love for learning and ensure they have access to what they need for hands-on engagement in my classroom.  With your generosity, I can help be sure that students leave my room with the skills they need to be successful not only now, but in their future. 
897:::I want all of my students to participate in at least 20 minutes of vigorous exercise 5 days a week.  Research shows that youth who regularly participate in vigorous physical activity have less depressive symptoms, perform better academically, and decrease their risks for chronic diseases. \n\nTwo-thirds of our students live in poverty with 68.2% of students on free or reduced priced lunches. Our district has a diverse student body containing over 14 different cultures and 35.5% of our students are Hispanic/latino; 25.3% are white; 14.6% are Asian Americans; 11.1% are African American and 1.1% are American Indian. Our school has over 1100 students and offers specialized services to English Language Learner, emotionally/behaviorally disturbed, and special education students.\n\nPoverty related issues affect our students physical activity levels.  Fifty-eight percent of our students have mothers with no post-high school education (Compared to the 25% average of surrounding districts and 19% average for the state). Eighty-three percent of students who reside with a single-mother without post-high school education do not engage in any physical activity.  Economic depravity reduces youth's ability to be physically active unless it is provided within the school environment. \n\nThese resources will allow my students to be able to participate in activities that require vigorous cardiorespiratory activity.  They will use the frisbees to play Ultimate Frisbee, the soccer balls to play indoor soccer games, and the foam balls to play Ultimate Basketball.  All of these games can be modified to allow all students to play regardless of skill level.  Having multiple frisbees and balls allows for numerous games to occur at the same time so no student is sitting out.  We want the focus of our activities to be: Fit Through Fun.  These three activities require a great deal of teamwork and aerobic activity in order to play, making them great options to add to our PE curriculum. \n\nBy donating this equipment, my PE classes will be able to participate in more Fit Through Fun activities.  Presently we do not have these resources and want to be able to offer students the opportunity to participate in these activities.\n  Students will benefit mentally, socially, and physically since participating in vigorous physical activity positively affects all aspects of health.  These games also give my students the opportunity to work together and develop relationships with one another. 
898:::A science lab just isn't a science lab without the basic tools needed for experiments!  My students are ready and willing to learn all things science.  They want to measure, experiment, and hypothesize!  We just need to put the tools in each child's hands to do so. \n\nOur school is in a "vintage" building that has been repurposed repeatedly over the years:  from a "training school" for African Americans, to a high school, to a middle school, and now to our elementary school.  With the last transformation, most of our equipment was transferred to the new middle school building, leaving us with very little other than the casted off remains of science labs past!  We're slowly building our science program to conquer the 21st century of learning.  We just need a little help! \n\nWith new graduated cylinders and test tube racks, we will be able to participate in a wide range of experiments, from testing water's ability to dissolve many substances to measuring the water that runs off of varying surfaces as we study erosion.  My students will be able to quantify their measurements and learn the scientific method by participating in it! \n\nSixth grade in our building is really beginning to develop a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math)-based curriculum that will help students develop an interest in and foster their enthusiasm about science-related careers.  Research shows this is where the deficit will be in the near future.  I want my students to know that even though they are "small town", they can dream "BIG" and make a real contribution to the scientific community.  They need the tools to help them believe that. 
899:::My students are incredible. While I won't begin teaching at LPS Richmond until next year, I have had a chance to meet several of the students there and have been both surprised and impressed by them. Starting in August, I will be teaching photography full-time. \n\nThis will actually be the very first time this school has ever had a photography program, so we currently don't have many of the materials needed to implement one.\n\nSo, why does photography, yet alone the arts, matter? How can something 'extracurricular' make students more college-ready? Well, according to 2012 study from the National Endowment for the Arts, the benefits are invaluable. As David E. Thigpen from EdSource summed it up, "students from low-income backgrounds who had 'arts-rich' instruction in school were less likely to drop out of school, more likely to get a bachelor's degree, and showed higher levels of civic engagement than similar students who did not have intensive art instruction".\n\nConsidering that the poverty rate for neighborhoods surrounding LPS average anywhere from 17 - 35 percent, according to recent Census Bureau data mapped out by the New York Times, it's hard to see how providing these students with an invigorating arts curriculum wouldn't be beneficial. \n\nMy students need SD cards, protective UV filters, cleaning cloths, tripods and a cabinet to store the equipment. The materials you'll be giving these students will provide them the opportunity to engage in multiple projects throughout the entire school year. In that sense, there isn't necessarily one project. \n\nEach and every single material for this project is essential. I know the cost may seem high, but the cameras and equipment purchased is top quality and will last for years to come. It's the kind of equipment that will ensure these students get a proper and professional education. I graduated from California College of the Arts with a BFA in Photography so I can guarantee you that everything being purchased for this program is not only necessary but the most affordable, quality option out there. \n\nI'm a firm believer in the transformative power the arts can have. They provide students with an opportunity to engage with their community, understand and build upon its culture, and use art as a vessel for creative, critical, and emotional expression.\n\nWith your help, our school can give these students an opportunity they would've otherwise never seen. We can't do it without you. Be a hero to our students and the arts by supporting this project! 
900:::Reading is an everyday struggle for many students. Game systems are an everyday activity for many students. Let's combine the two to make learning interactive and fun!\n \n\nWe are a high poverty school in the Midwest. My students have behavioral and academic challenges that prevent them from being in a conventional classroom setting. They have been placed in a Learning Lab classroom. We focus not only on academic achievement but also social skills.  \n\nMy students need two iPad minis and protective cases. Our students face daily struggles and reading is just one of those struggles. Most of my students read at least two grade levels behind. By the time they reach 5th grade, they are ready to give up. BUT I am not! We use Raz-Kids to help low level readers through technology. They love to record their own reading. It is a huge motivator for them. These iPads will enable students to listen, read, and record their own reading daily. The cases will keep them safe from breaks and falls. \n\niPads are just one piece of technology that engages students. My students are fully engaged when on the iPad. Please help my students find the love of reading through technology with iPad minis. 
901:::When Bach, Beethoven, and Mozart created their musical masterpieces, they composed them using a quill and scroll. I want my students to create and composed similar masterpieces using bright colored paper.  \n\nOur school is 100% poverty stricken; with only one other in the state of South Carolina. We don't take this rank as an excuse to have a pity party, but rather as a means of motivation. We strive to plant seeds of hope and reassure the students that education is the key that unlocks the doors of opportunity and future success. By understanding that there is more to life than what meets the eye, it is my belief that my students will do what it takes to beat the odds, defy the statistics, and embrace the world of education and all it has to offer. Poverty does not equal failure. Failure is not an option in my classroom. As an educator, it is my duty to help my children learn all that they can.  \n\nI am requesting various packs of colored paper to help students become better at composing music. Instead of the traditional white, staff paper, students will have access to brightly colored paper that will brighten their creativity in their music. \n\nOne of the national music standards states that students will compose and arrange music within specific guidelines. \n\nMy students need bright colored paper, pink, lemon, and green, to create compositions and lyrics using tips about health and wellness. In using the paper, students will be creating compositions and writing lyrics that correspond with the topic of health and wellness. Singers use a lot of good health and wellness tips when singing and preparing for upcoming performances. Students will be using those tips in their lyrics of their compositions that they will create using the bright colored paper. \n \n\nI don't want the lack of money to be the reason that they don't get the most out of a music education. In other schools, students pay to rent instruments or the PTA helps fund the music classroom. At my school the PTA helps buy the basic necessities for my students such as coats, shoes and clothes. Funding this project would mean the world to them, and me because I would feel like I am giving them the gift of music. 
902:::How would you feel about returning a students' piece of artwork that's damaged, simply because there's no proper art equipment like a drying rack to ensure its safety? I want to change this kind of situation and provide my students with a sense of security for their artwork. \n\nMy elementary students are bright and eager to learn. Our school is a Title 1 school, where the majority of students are economically disadvantaged. They are passionate about the arts and look forward to our class time together. Many of these students do not have access to art materials at home, so the work they create in our art class is very special to them. \nA favorite saying of my students is, "Can we take it (their artwork) home?" They're so excited they even ask this about a dripping wet painting. I want to answer them with a big, "YES, when it's dry!", because I know it's safe on our drying rack. \n\nI'm fortunate to have an art room but I share my room with other school programs throughout the week so drying wet artwork is extremely challenging.  Because I don't have proper storage for wet artwork, it takes me longer to find places to put it. Bookshelves, the top of cabinets, and the floor become drying areas for wet artwork. When I return to my room the next week, I'm never quite sure what I'll find: artwork that's been crumpled, mixed up with different classes, or even stepped on! A drying rack will help protect this artwork as well as help me to efficiently use class time. Additionally, this art equipment will teach my students to be more independent by putting their art in a safe place and being responsible during the clean up process. Ultimately, a drying rack will ensure proper storage of artwork and lots of proud, smiling faces. \n\nYour donation will make a huge difference in securing the safety of my students' artwork. A drying rack for our art room will help my students take ownership of their artwork and instill pride and satisfaction in taking home their prized masterpiece. 
903:::Everyday I have the opportunity to work with kids from all over the city who need another chance to be successful. \n\nMy campus is an alternative high school serving students who struggle with drug dependency, truancy, and behavior issues. Most of our kids just need the opportunity to work with a teacher who has the time to work with them in a small group setting for them to learn to become successful. Our school helps to "fill up the toolboxes" of these students with practical skills and strategies, so that when they return to their home school, they will have the tools to succeed. \n\nAs we continue to move towards an ever increasing technologically dominated society, the students need the opportunity to work with technology on a daily basis. Having a Chromebook will allow my students to not only have access of the Internet for research but also to use Google Docs to compose, edit and revise their writing. \n\nGetting a Chromebook will give my students the access to technology that they don't currently have. Rather than share the one ancient PC, the Chromebook will put the technology in their hands. These kids need to feel like they aren't losers or inferior to other kids. They WILL be successful if they get the opportunity, the the tools, and time! 
904:::The stage is an amazing place. Acting is a life-altering activity. Unfortunately our students are lacking basic technological resources to enhance their performances. \n\nStudents at our school come from very challenging backgrounds. We have 72% free and reduced price lunch, and many of our kids struggle with extreme poverty. Our building was built in the early 60s and has not been updated since. The facilities are lacking many basic aspects of a functioning theater. Many Theater students specifically come to the performing arts as an outlet, a way of escape. Our program provides opportunities for students to be featured on stage and gives them a new way to confidently approach all of the challenges in their life. \n\nThis high quality microphone is exactly what will bring our program up to the next level. Having access to this basic theatrical building block will allow our students to be heard on the very back row of our performance space. This will also empower our students by giving them the tools professional performers use. \n\nActing may not require microphones, but enhancing the quality of a production makes kids even more proud of their work. This project gives basic access to students who are being left behind the technological curve. Your gift will directly impact student lives and the next generation of actors. 
905:::Middle school math requires the use of a scientific calculator to quickly investigate mathematical patterns--especially functions with exponents. \n\nMany of my students come from homes with little disposable income.  Buying extras like scientific calculators is not a priority for these students.  It falls on the school to provide access to scientific calculators.  Our district is in financial distress with little left for classroom supplies. \n\nWith scientific calculators my students will be able to easily compute exponents, square roots and cube roots.  They will be able to verify their integer calculations.  My students will also get familiar with the Texas Instruments keyboard layout, which will assist them when they get a chance to work with TI Graphing calculators. \n\nRight now, there are not enough calculators in my classroom.  Calculations of very large or very small numbers can bog down a student.  A calculator for each student will ease this problem. 
906:::In 2nd grade we are still learning to read. However when they go on to 3rd grade they are reading to learn.  2nd grade is so important when it comes to reading.  My students would love to have the Nooks with protective cases to give them another option to practice their reading. Now we use the computer and listen to Cd's \n\nMy students come from many different countries and different learning abilities.  We have students from 14 different countries and they speak about 20 different languages.  We are a Title 1 school with about a 95% poverty rate.  My students put a lot of effort into their learning.  I am constantly looking for things to challenge them and allow them to have fun while they are learning.  They are excited about learning.  I have a lot of boys who are very challenging and using the Nooks would  help get them excited about reading! \n\nI picture the students reading on the floor, laying on pillows or in the black, round chairs we have reading.  I picture them not wanting to stop reading because they are enjoying their stories so much.  I can see them excitedly telling their classmates about what they are reading and encouraging them to try the same book.  I see their fluency scores going up and when that happens I see confidence!  I see enjoyment on their faces.  I picture their understanding of what they read blossoming!  They will be active learners, excited about what comes next in their school career!  I picture this as being the start of their life as life-long readers, reading to their own children when they are adults and instilling that love of reading in their own families! \n\nThis will help them become life-long learners and readers.  They will be able to comprehend what they read.  Their excitement will follow them home and their joy of reading will encourage them to get their families involved too!   
907:::We deem ourselves a technology school but my computer is DYING!!! I have a wonderful IWB/SMARTBoard. However, the processor on the computer crashed and can not be salvaged. To make matters worse, due to budget cuts we do not have the money to purchase a computer to replace the old one. \n\nI have a general education language arts and social science classroom serving students with diverse learning abilities. I have 50 students. Many of my students are low income. They attend a neighborhood school in the largest public school district in Illinois. We are the first school in our city to be a SMART Technology sponsored school, so I am very fortunate to have a IWB/SMARTBoard.\n\nI have had the pleasure of teaching some of my students for three years (grades 3,5, and 6)This allows for more personalized interactions and for me to really work with the students because I have really gotten to know their progress throughout the years.\n\nMy students have a thirst for learning. They enjoy the higher order, thought provoking task I create for them. Unfortunately, some things are impossible to do without a functioning computer. \n\nCurrently, we have a desktop computer that is sitting by the IWB/SMARTBoard which is not functioning properly. I am assuming it is a processor issue. In order to have a dependable device hooked up, I have been connecting my iPad. However, this has its challenges. There are certain functions that are unavailable with this kind of connection. I even brought in my personal PC, but it CRASHED too.\n\nMy students need a computer that will effectively operate our SMARTBoard. I am requesting a Gateway Desktop computer for this purpose.\n\nMy computer is a few years old and I was not able to even run all the programs; as the software would crash due to a lack of memory. Even the Internet browser would crash daily! I want to be able to use FL Studio, Smart Notebook software and a current browser in addition to implementing more software programs without a 5 minute wait time or a program crashing constantly. This will have a huge impact on my students. We will be able to group students at the IWB but most of all be able to give them the quality instruction they deserve. \n\nPlease allow my students an opportunity to use our IWB/SMARTBoard again. Our IWB helps with being able to access parts of our curriculum. It gives the students a chances to use interactive tools. I believe it is a great motivational tool. My students always ask when it is their group's turn to get on the IWB/SMARTBoard. Please give them the opportunity to use the IWB/SMARTBoard once again by supplying us with a computer equipped with the proper technology compatible for tools needed for instruction. 
908:::By the end of the school year, I want my students to be able to read, comprehend, and analyze complex texts at grade level. My biggest challenge in getting them there is the availability of complex, grade-level texts which will interest them. \n\nOur school services economically disadvantaged students, the majority of whom live in the inner-city and qualify for free lunch. In addition to having limited access to food, my students have limited access to quality literature in that not only do they struggle to physically obtain these books, but that they also struggle to understand and interact with them intellectually. They are highly unmotivated readers, but most of them desire to go to college, and to achieve this goal, they need access to challenging texts which will interest them.  \n\nWith their own copy of Things Fall Apart, my students will be able to access a challenging text, improve their interest and skills in reading, and explore the effects of cultural change on individuals, not only in colonial and post-colonial Africa, but in their own lives as well. Having read Things Fall Apart, they will be able to analyze how Okonwko's experiences with globalization during the rise of British imperialism in Africa reflect their own adolescent experiences as they gain insight into the realities of adulthood. \n\nThe fulfillment of this project will improve my classroom by providing my students with quality reading materials which will allow them to grow as readers and as well-rounded people with a broader and more compassionate understanding of the world. 
909:::Bullying happens in every school, but in a community of less than 150 people, bullies can be difficult to avoid. So, our goal is to eliminate bullying altogether by creating a sense of community and responsibility among all our students. \n\nWe live in a community of less than 150 people along the Bering Strait. My students are native Alaskans whose families continue to live subsistence lifestyles in bush Alaska. My primary students are hardworking, lovable, and creative. They love coming to school every day! \n\nDue to the small size of our village, it can be difficult for some students to avoid others with whom they have troublesome relationships. I would like to use our crafting supplies in order to create structured activities for the older elementary and younger elementary students to engage in together.  \n\nMy hope is that by completing artistic projects together, the students in all of the elementary grades will build more positive relationships with one another and eliminate some of the negative interactions that occur when the grades interact. 
910:::Not all of my students are eager to learn, but I have been charged to teach them. They are surrounded by outdated resources. I have students who are very high-achieving and students who are typically low-performing. My students are beginning to learn that they can make contributions to the world. \n\nIn Georgia, my high school aged students attend school in a county where each school is a Title One School. Their behaviors are maintained by using a daily check in system. We have a unique population of students, but the key to reaching them is to build an environment of support and love. The students come from a wide variety of backgrounds. Over 85% of our students come from low-income families. Despite the fact that many of our kids are facing difficulties at home, we have to encourage them to do their best. \n\nMy students need to use technology as they learn. Each Friday, my students will be able to record, take pictures, and post a song or skit of what they learned earlier that week. The iPad would help me implement a daily behavior system in my classroom. I am using two sites to help maintain classroom behaviors, but have difficulty teaching while running the program as well.These resources would allow me to implement the program with integrity and fidelity. These resources will help my classroom stay organized. I want my students to be innovators of service learning in our school and community. Providing an iPad in the classroom would provide my students the opportunity to expand their communication at home and abroad. The camera will help students put their Environmental Science Portfolios together. Connections through pictures is easier for students to understand. \n\nMy students will become the scientist. They are in charge of telling their own story in a way they didn't fully understand before. The pictures are magical and powerful in ways many don't understand. My students not only understand the magic, but they can conjure it. The camera/recorder I am requesting will give my students the opportunity to film short films and documentaries. The camera and iPad will be used by my six classes with around 30 students in each class. Thank you in advance. 
911:::Yes!" is the response a student often repeats when he uses Khan Academy.  He gets excited because he is achieving mastery in skills that are on his level.  Technology is a way for students to take ownership of their learning without feeling embarrassed which is what a group of my students need.   \n\nThe group of students who I would like to have access to technology are students who at times struggle in the general education classroom.  They have had the opportunity to use math sequential programs like SumDog and Khan Academy.  On Khan Academy they have the ability to compete with each other to earn points.  We are able to set weekly goals for skills they need to achieve mastery in.  It is one of many times when I get to watch them be successful.   \n\nStudents will have the ability to use programs like Khan Academy to practice and improve mathematics skills.  Each week they will receive a tracker that tells them the skills they are struggling in, practiced, and have achieved mastery.  \n\nThey will also have the opportunity to use programs like Guitar Band to record themselves reading so that they can improve reading fluency.  They will be able to hear themselves and point out things they notice they need to improve on versus me telling them what I notice. \n\nUltimately, the goal of the IPads is to help students take ownership of their learning.    \n\nThis project will make a huge difference for a group of students who need the most academic support.  It provides them the opportunity to use tools and programs that will allow them to feel successful.  It will give them the opportunity to practice mathematics and reading skills they need to improve in a manner that is enjoyable for them.   
912:::We know it is possible to enable young people to fall in love with science and technology by presenting science as a creative, hands-on, and passionate endeavor" - this quote from Margaret Honey and David Kanter explains what students know: learning science is more engaging with hands-on projects. \n\nWe are a Title I magnet middle school with a focus on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. We are located in the inner city, so many of our students come from the projects.  Seventy percent of our students are on free or reduced lunch.  Our students come from all over the county, and represent all races, colors and ethnicities.  Since many of our students are low-income, often their only exposure to modern technology comes from the school and public libraries.  \n\nWe are seeking to help bridge the Digital Divide by exposing these students to modern technologies which will be essential for them when they enter college and the workforce.  Our school is also located on a river, so many of our science classes focus on the environment and local ecosystems.  Our students love getting exposure to different science fields through our outdoor classroom, as well as field trips to local parks, aquariums, and museums. \n\nMy students need Snap Circuit kits, a Knex Education Renewable energy set, and digital multi-meters to learn about electricity and alternative energy. Our maritime and marine science classes have a unit that focuses on the environment and sustainable energy.  We want to add a hands-on element to this unit to help our students be more engaged and get a better grasp of how alternative energy works.  Students will be conducting research projects on different types of alternative energy.  They will build and experiment with the Snap Circuits and K'nex to create simple machines using different types of renewable energy, getting to see first-hand what electricity, solar and wind power can do.  When they present their final projects, they will demonstrate their creations to their class and explain how they came up with the design.\n\nAfter the project is over, the Snap Circuits and K'nex will become a part of our Library Makerspace and will be available to all students in our school.  We are developing this space in our library for students to learn about STEM through hands-on projects individually, in classes, and through library programs. \n\nExposing students to hands-on technology will engage them in exploring, discovering, and learning and will help to ensure their success in the future.  Getting to make and create will transform our students from consumers of things into makers of things and will foster their sense of creativity.  By giving our students a chance to build,create and experiment with sources of alternative energy, we can prepare them to be the engineers, inventors and scientists of the 21st Century. 
913:::My class is a special education class in which the students struggle with reading skills.  By the end of the school year, I would like to see my students receive instruction with their peers in a regular education classroom. \n\nOur school is a low performing school with high poverty families.  Due to the lack of structure and stability that my students receive at home, I try to provide as much for them as I can.\n\nI teach students ranging from first to fifth grade.  The reason I chose these materials is because most of my students' instructional levels are on a first or second grade level.  These resources are important because they cover material for the Common Core standards, which will be addressed on the standardized test.  I am requesting two comprehension skills kits for grades 1 and 2.\n\nThese resources will help to identify the skills that my students are missing and we will try to close the gap by providing materials so they can be successful.  My students all have different needs and these resources will help my students to grow to reach their current grade level and meet their IEP goals.   This will help to boost their self esteem and they will strive for academic growth. \n\nWith your donations, you will be providing these resources to my students to help them to develop the skills that they need to be successful in the general education setting.  These resources will help my students to gain strategies that will help them to be successful on state standardized testing and in daily activities. 
914:::Gaining the fine motor skills to be successful and prepared for first grade!  \n\nI have 22 kindergarten students in my class this year. They are very imaginative and love to play hands-on. Our school has a diverse group of students. We have a large number of English Language Learners and we also have students from low income families. They strive to do their best each and every day!  \n\nI have requested 2 sets of Magna-Tiles. These magnetic shapes can be placed together to create 3 dimensional structures. These will be added to our fine motor learning centers. Each day before lunch we have fine motor tables. Each student sits at one of the tables to do an activity to strengthen their fine motor skills. This will also help build their imagination and geometric skills. \n\nThe donations for this project will make our fine motor learning centers more exciting. It will give a variety to our centers to keep the students engaged. The students get so excited to see new activities to try and explore with! These explorations will absolutely make them eager learners to want to continue to learn! 
915:::We have an exciting and engaging classroom.  I believe that all of my students can achieve and I want them all to be successful.  I also know each child learns differently and, hands-on activities are more engaging and meaningful to students compared to working on worksheets. I want to make math fun. \n\nOur class is made up of a fantastic group of second graders who are part of a great school community. Our school is Title 1 and lacks funding for classroom materials.  My students are hard working and enthusiastic learners who are all motivated to do their best. And, my students deserve the best because they are the best! \n\nThe materials being requested will allow math to be more meaningful because students will engage in hands-on activities.  The Math Learning Centers will give students and opportunity to learn and practice skills in a fun way.  The problem solving journals will give students an opportunity to write about math and explain their thinking.  All of the hands-on manipulatives, including the Giant Magnetic Place Value Blocks and Giant Magnetic Ten Frames, will help reinforce math concepts.  These materials will get us away from traditional math books and worksheets.  Through these activities students will learn and practice California Second Grade Common Core standards. \n\nThis project will make a positive impact on students' learning of mathematics because students will be engaged in their learning.  With these materials Math will be fun!  Learning will be meaningful!  My class will be very appreciative to receive these materials. 
916:::Our classroom is full of little learners who are always eager to grow and do their best! \n\nAt our school, majority of the students are from low-income families. I am so amazed by how resilient these children are! Our classroom is a home away from home, and we are one little family. Our family is full of all types of learners who benefit most from structure and routine. We also love hands-on learning! \n\nWith all of these resources, we will be able to grow and expand our knowledge in reading, math, and science! As first and second graders, they learn best through the use of manipulatives and visuals. Each of these items will be used daily. During our daily literacy block students go to 3 centers where we will use these manipulatives to learn about word work, writing, phonics, and much more. During math, we will also use these daily to enhance our knowledge of numbers and operations, measurement, geometry and basic math facts. These are all essential tools we need in our classroom to be successful learners!  \n\nDonating to our classroom will help us grow to become better learners and students! We believe that by working with others and manipulatives really enhances our learning. Students do not have access to these materials, or even books, at home so building a strong foundation for literacy, math, and science in the classroom will directly benefit our class. 
917:::My hope is to help my students w/ disabilities learn not only to love to read, but to feel success in school as they demonstrate their comprehension & insights about what they've read. I also want to help those with disabilities in writing & math to access the general curriculum along w/ their peers \n\nI teach Special Education students in all grades of middle school (6th, 7th, 8th) in California. They have all of their classes in general education, but they come to my class for 1 period a day for extra support. They are all wonderful kids who come from varying economic backgrounds, and who are working to stay on track with their peers despite struggling with things such as learning disabilities, language deficits, and attentional difficulties. \n\nMy students need up-to-date, Common Core-aligned resources as we work on their IEP goals to help them access the general curriculum such as writing to texts, reproducible organizers and rockin reading comprehension game.  With these reading, writing, and math resources, I will be able to do Common Core-aligned collaborative lessons, as well as work individually with each student, addressing their specific needs.  As a reward for hard work, my middle school students will love to have a GAME that incorporates competition and fun, along with learning and working on their goals! \n\nThese materials will ensure that our special education students have materials aligned with the standards and lessons that they now work and struggle with in their general education classes.  With the transition and demands of Common Core, it is imperative that we focus on helping students with disabilities feel successful and stay caught up with their peers! 
918:::My students love to read about young people experiencing a diverse range of challenges simply because they face many of the same challenges. They come alive during discussions of how to thrive amidst difficulties, and think critically in analysis essays, but they also love artistic challenges. \n\nOur school is over 2,000 students, and as such, we receive little of the thin-spread funding per classroom. This can be hard because we need expendable materials to run group projects, like colored pencils and markers, and we need novels relevant today's teens, unlike many older, worn-out copies that students can't write in. My particular group of freshmen loves to collaborate, talk out ideas and hard writing skills, and live vivaciously within our space. Our best days are when we scaffold up to bigger reading and writing assignments by acting out Romeo and Juliet with plastic swords (and much 'Matrix'-style fight choreography) while delivering 500 year old lines, or when we create color-coded text-evidence projects on characterization of Sherman Alexie novels. Moving, talking, supporting, writing, and smiling are my students' favorite verbs to enact! \n\nMy students will use the extra five copies of The Perks of Being a Wallflower to complete the 20-book set we are receiving for free from World Book Night. Throughout our literature circle style unit on the novel, students will annotate all over their text in an effort to craft dialogue between their thoughts and Chbosky's writing. The evidence they gather and annotate will feed into multiple artistic projects such as Bloom's Taxonomy Balls and fliers/ posters telling how to seek resources when dealing with child abuse, coming out, substance abuse, depression, or crisis management. The first project will be a multi-skill level analysis of the novel, while the second will help promote social-emotional learning on how to get these resources for friends or for themselves. Our biggest learning opportunity, though, will be loving and creating our own learning through personal book ownership. \n\nThis project will change the lives of my students, many of whom only owned one or two books, if any, before this year. Book availability is a major promoter of literacy, self-confidence, and the pure joy found in learning. Funding our project means funding the gift of a book a student has requested, will deeply interact with, and will love to own for his or her life. 
919:::Is it fun to be behind?  Do you think seeing your friends excel and pass you by is cool?  How would you feel if that were you? \n\nMy students are inner city students who are trying to make it.  They come from broken homes, low income homes, single parent homes, multiple family homes, etc.  So much goes on in their lives on a daily basis.  Some of them did not start school on time.  Some of them have missed a lot of school throughout the years as well.  For what ever the reason some of them are behind.  Some of them need an extra something to get them to the next level in their education so that they can show growth and get to proficiency on their state assessments.  These students need teachers in their lives who can and will be role models and show them that with hard work and dedication they can gain some ground and catch up and succeed in school. \n\nWith Power Reading Online students will read stories and play games online.  The story games allow students to practice comprehension and vocabulary skills.  Students are able to get instant feedback on how well they are doing.  Students are able to read and listen to the story questions before answering them.  My fourth and fifth graders will read high-interest stories and make rapid reading gains.  If students have Internet access at home they will be able to practice their stories at home and at school.  I would like to take a group of 10 students and work with them 2 mornings out of the week and within the classroom to help push them throughout the rest of the year.  My goal is to help get these student's confidence and self esteem back up.  This program will help me do this for my students. \n\nPower Reading Online licenses will improve my classroom because it will help me to get some of my students on level.   This will help my students read more fiction and nonfiction text at their grade level and beyond.  This will boost their self esteem and will make them want to read and learn more. This is for my students who think they are not "smart".  They will be successful and begin to think they are "smart" like the other students. 
920:::Wouldn't it be great to have students' use a document camera to compare and contrast different stories, observe a closer look at science objects or projects.  Kindergarten students need to integrate technology using the  document camera.  Help me make learning in the classroom engaging! \n\n"I teach 26 AMAZING Kindergartners." My school is Title One school located in a low income area. I have a diverse group of students who comes to school eager to learn. Having an document camera will help with my students be prepare for the 21st Century. \n\nI would like to add an Epson document camera in my classroom.  Students will use the camera to document their learning while working collaboratively together.  Pictures of the students working together will provide me with the necessary tools to access their learning.  The document camera will also be used to enlarge science objects or projects in class.  This is also a great tool for students who  can not attend class as I will be able to record our lessons.  Technology is a wonderful tool for learning! \n\nYour donations will provide students with another way to explore their learning.  Integrating technology is a wonderful way to document their learning.  Thanking you in advance for your help with making learning fun in my classroom. 
921:::Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple. Dr. Seuss. My students have many questions such as do we have enough money for a snack at lunch or do we have enough "money" to purchase items from the classroom store. Not knowing how to count money can be frustrating.\n\nMy students are amazing. bright, funny, first graders who learn at a Title I school located in North Carolina. 98 percent of the students at our school receive free or reduced lunch. Many students in my classroom come from low income backgrounds. My students love to read and love everything about math, but do not yet know how to count money.  \n\nRaz kids, Reading A to Z, and the books requested will be used to help my students learn all about money. Raz kids and Reading A To Z will help provide my students with money related leveled reading materials. The coins I am requesting will help provide my students with hands on manipulatives to learn about money and the three kindle fires will be used to play financial literacy games on and read financial literacy books on.  \n\nThis project is important to myself and my students because learning how to count money is important because it is something these students will use for the rest of their lives. Funding this project will help my students in so many amazing ways.  
922:::Were you prepared for life after high school? We all need consumer math skills. No one likes paying overdraft fees at the bank. Balancing a checkbook and learning how to budget are essential skills. How about at the workplace? The total is $14.28. Can you make change for a twenty? \n\nI work in a Model Continuation (alternative) High School. The student/teacher ratio is 20:1. My students are at-risk. That means they are at risk of NOT graduating! Some of my students are pregnant, teen parents, on probation, from group homes, behind in credits, second language learners, struggling with drug addiction, or simply just haven't made a connection with their traditional high school.\n\nOur students have the opportunity to make up their credits by attending our local community college, completing additional coursework at our school, enrolling in ROP, and taking additional classes online. We are a Title I school. \n\nOur entire school population receives free lunch. The majority of our students were placed here involuntarily. Most of our students do not have computers at home nor do they have Internet access. \n\nHow many life lessons did you learn in high school?  Truth be told, the best course that prepared me, in 1980, for real life was called Bachelor Living. It comprised of teaching me: how to balance a checkbook, how to budget, how to do my taxes, cooking , and sewing. All of that in one semester. Thank You, Santa Monica High School! You helped me be a grown up. Life was possible!\n\nFast Forward! I teach in another city. Same State. California! Supposedly, we are the richest state with the lousiest percentage of money spent on students. I am here to stop that ridiculousness. \n\nMy 16 year old students want jobs. They are passionate. Yes! They are. We need to access computers without having to sign in at the library. My kids want to fill out job applications in the comfort of homeroom.\n\nI need relevant curriculum. I have researched the 50 Lessons Over Easy Curriculum. It is hands on. It has directed lessons on filling out credit, auto, apartment applications & more. \n\nI am passionate about fulfilling the dreams of my students. The curriculum to survive in the real world has been stifled by the State & Federal standards. Kids need to learn budgeting, job employment skills, how to conduct yourself professionally and more.  No One wants to be ripped off by collection agencies .We all need to know our fiscal rights. Please.. PLEASE ... Help me.. Help OUR FUTURE! 
923:::Our classroom is a dynamic place for students to explore, invent, and make learning their own. These scholars have been working hard to understand the rudiments of reading, and are ready to begin writing sentences, opinion pieces and stories of their own! \n\nMy students are primarily Black and Hispanic and live in poverty. Sometimes it is difficult for them to leave the challenges of home behind, and to concentrate on school. To help them make the transition, our school focuses on character, and the character traits that it takes to be successful in a big way. When walking into my classroom, you will see students working hard and doing their personal best, being respectful of one another, showing empathy and understanding, practicing self-discipline, and being trustworthy. Because we strive to focus on our character every day, our classroom is a safe and dynamic place where the children feel comfortable and empowered to take chances and to learn from their mistakes and each other. \n\nMy students are ready to jump into the amazing world of writing. They have worked so hard learning how to write the letters of the alphabet, and they have mastered, or are close to mastering, the ability to decode and read simple words. We have guided reading all morning, and when these amazing decoders are not reading in a small group with me, they are moving to various reading centers to build their reading muscles. Now it is time to provide daily opportunities to write. These art easels stations are perfect for our fledgling authors. They require so much more than a laptop with spell checker. Imagine how excited they will be when they see the easels set-up with everything they need to create sentences of their own: large sheets of paper, various media to write with, a children's dictionary, high frequency words and punctuation mark reminders posted on each easel station, and pictures with words to reference, as they build their first writing pieces. \n\nWriting builds confidence in a child's sense of who they are and gives them a voice to express their ideas. Writing helps children discover who they are, what they are thinking about, and how they feel about their world. Writing helps children build their critical thinking skills, and helps them understand and communicate complicated ideas. Finally, and best of all, writing is guaranteed to improve academic achievement! 
924:::I want my students to master grade level STEM content, practices, and processes, integrate STEM contents with other disciplines, answer complex questions, investigate global issues, solve real world problems, and meet real world challenges while engaging in meaningful, purposeful, and relevant hands \n\nMy students are an extraordinary group of learners. They are eager and willing to learn about the world around them and how it works. They attend a Title 1 school and live in Camden City, an area with high poverty and limited resources. Many students qualify for the free or reduced federal lunch. They come to school ready and excited about learning, so I want them to have the resources that encourage curiosity, and engage them in exceptional educational experiences \n\nWith innovative STEM labs, my can students really become part of the scientific process as they design and build roller coasters, complete electrical circuits, explore gravitational forces and more! The labs will integrate STEM education into daily instruction, each project-based lab includes step-by-step activities that students complete in order culminating in an in-depth engineering activity that really brings concepts to life. Students simply work through each activity with partners or in groups as well as build the critical-thinking and problem-solving skills they need for success in the future! We will use the storage bins to organize activity materials and tools.\n\nThese STEM Labs have the potential to positively impact all 3rd-5th graders. This consist of 6 classrooms totaling 96 students that have the learning opportunity to be positively impacted in Science and Math. \n\nBy ordering reusable resources, the positive impact for the future is endless. These resources will establish a foundation of STEM activities that can be built on year after year.\n\nAdditionally, parents are impacted when students share at home what new science activities they are using. 
925:::Students need to learn to read fluently, with intonation, and interest.  I want my student to be able to work at their level and the program Read Naturally will provide the material I need for them to work at their individual level. \n\nOur school is a title one school located in California.  It is a title one school where all our students participate in the Federal lunch program.  I teach 24 kindergarten and first grade students.  They are improving as readers everyday, but they need materials that will challenge and meet their needs at their level. \n\nI am requesting the Read Naturally kit at the E level for my kindergarten students and the Read Naturally kit at level 1 for my first grade students. In addition I'm requesting level 2 to challenge the students who are ready.   My students need material they can access on their own that will challenge them, as well as interest them.  This program also has audio for each story, which will give my students a model of how the story is read accurately.  Since all of my students are second language learners this part of the program is so necessary. \n\nBy providing this project for my students you will be helping them improve their reading.  Reading is a life time skill they will always need.  The earlier they develop as readers the more they will enjoy reading always. 
926:::Jungle Ball"  Any volleyball game with people who don't really know how to play volleyball. A common euphemism for this type of game is "Picnic Volleyball."\nFinally, a new game that can be challenging, fun, and requires teamwork!  We've got poles, nets, but no balls. \n\nWe're ethnically diverse: Vietnamese, Chinese, Korean, Samoan, Hispanic, and Caucasian.  A great percentage of our students are also English language learners.  We also have about 70% of our students on free and reduced lunch.  \nAs 6th graders, we have  a lot of built up energy from being in a classroom all day.  We need to have options when it comes to Physical Education class.  Learning the fundamentals to play a game of volleyball is one such option, which we can take with us when we go to junior high school. \nWe've seen that our neighboring 6th grade class has already had the opportunity to learn the game and are now playing it at recess.  The sad part is they only have 2 balls, and they belong to students.  We'd like 10 balls that we can use and share in our PE equipment locker. \n\nImagine, you have the poles and nets but 0 volleyballs.  Can you play the game of volleyball? No.  That is why we are requesting 10 volleyballs so we can learn the fundamentals of the sport, in small groups, before we endeavor to play and enjoy the game.  \nBesides learning all the fundamentals of the game and its terminology, which by the way has some cool terms, it is a game that is played in junior high PE class, as well as high school, which is sometimes played as a school team sport, college sport, and even an Olympic sport.  \nWill we be learning, yes, BUT, having fun while doing so. \n\nDonations to this project will allow us the ability to learn and play the game of volleyball.  Due to lack of equipment, we cannot play at this time.  We need something more challenging other than playing dodge ball, kickball, basketball, or relays.\nHaving a broader base of knowledge and personal experiences will make us a well rounded person. 
927:::My students are young adults with autism and are in need of meaningful vocational opportunities.  We have already established our "Cafe" setting to train them on food service related skills.  Much of our program is established, however there are some items that will greatly enhance our functionality \n\nMy students are young adults with autism and are classified as "severely disabled".  We are part of a larger traditional urban high school.  My students are an important transition age, vocational skills can lead to enhanced opportunities, presently and in the future.  Our new CAFE program allows us to expose our young adults to tangible work experience, increased socialization and improved self esteem.  \n\nA cash register will allow a student to be assigned the task of check out clerk.  The real world application of math skills, social skills and problem solving skills will be tangible and powerful.  The slow cooker will allow us to have hot chicken remain at a safe temperature during service.  Satisfied customers are the driving force behind this opportunity.   \n\nThis project is only the beginning for these young adults, ideally the work they do and skills they acquire will build resumes that lead to meaningful work and enhanced quality of life. Now and for the foreseeable future.  
928:::Graphing calculators are a basic and essential device for any higher level high school mathematics course. While they are expensive, they are an investment in student achievement. \n\nI teach Algebra and Geometry to 9th-12th grade students at a rural high school in Alabama. My school is a Title I school which means that a large percentage of students meet the criteria for living at or below the poverty line. 92% of our students receive free or reduced price lunch. It is unrealistic for me to ask parents to spend $150 on a quality graphing calculator when many families struggle to meet basic needs. Alabama schools have been under budget prorations for the past several years, and there is limited funding for classroom instructional supplies. \n\nDespite these challenges, my students are hard working and have big goals. In 11th grade, all students are given the opportunity to take the ACT exam. The score a student earns on this exam can determine his or her admittance into their desired university as well as scholarship awards. Students need every available tool to do their best on this exam. One such need is advanced graphing calculators. Graphing calculators will not solve equations for the students. Rather, they provide hands-on learning and visual representation of learned skills. Students must apply the concepts they have learned to use the calculator to explore skills more in-depth. Thanks to the generous DonorsChoose.org family, twenty-two graphing calculators have been funded for my classroom.  We are so close to a complete class set!  We are now in need of two TI Nspire graphing calculator charging stations to keep these calculators fully charged for all day use. \n\nWe are very thankful for the graphing calculators that have been donated to us.  They are used all day, every day and need to be plugged in to a charging device to be fully powered up at the day's end.  We want to protect our investment by properly caring for our devices.  Thank you for considering funding for our project so we can "power up" our math skills!  You are investing in some very deserving and appreciative kids!  Thanks for making my classroom a better place! 
929:::Our classroom does not have computers for student use.  Kindle Fire tablets would be a great alternative so that students can be exposed to technology on a regular basis.  Students can read interactive stories, practice fluency, as well as practice math skills and review social studies content. \n\nOur school is full of wonderful and curious students who need to be challenged and engaged daily. Our school is in a low income, rural county with most students qualifying for free or reduced price lunches. Many of our students do not have technology at home at all, or limited access. \n\nWithout computers in the classroom, our students are limited to technology exposure. While our school is very lucky to have laptop carts and other technology that all teachers share, it would be so helpful to have technology for student use in our classroom.  Students can use the 3 Kindle Fire tablets daily in workstations during reading to improve both comprehension and fluency.  We can also use the tablets for math review/practice and for additional exposure to the Virginia Studies content students are required to learn.  The tablet can make characters and or events in history come alive in ways a book and teacher cannot make happen! \n\nIf students are exposed often to technology, it will help them in the future as students and adults.  Our world is driven by technology more than ever before.  Also, the fun and interactive practice in all content areas will help the students retain required content when used in addition to other lessons, reading, teacher modeling, and practice.  Please consider helping my students be successful in so many ways! 
930:::Currently in my classroom we are reading A Thousand Splendid Suns. The students are so engaged by this well written book about the history of Afghanistan. Students who have never finished a book before are about to complete a 400-page book with their classmates. We want to continue this excitement of reading with Night. \n\nI have 112 students that come from all different neighborhoods of Philadelphia. 85% of my students receive free lunch, and 23% of my students have an Individual Education Plan. \n\nOur school is very old and does not have many modern amenities, such as whiteboards, or even air conditioning. Our group of students is very hard working. The strides they have made since August until now are astounding, and they continue to change each day to their own amazement.  \n\nThey are very loving, but deprived children. They come from difficult lives and neighborhoods, but come to school every day ready to work. \n\nI have requested a class set of the book, Night, to improve literacy, and to expand my students' cultural views on history. The holocaust intrigues my students and this book will improve their desire to read.\n\nWe will be using Night as an accompanying book to our curriculum. We will read Night as a class out loud, with student volunteers reading passages aloud. If students are not comfortable reading aloud they follow along in their copy of the book. Some days I read aloud to the class, per their suggestion.  \n\nThis will be an accompanying book to our studies of the Holocaust. We will be spending a large portion of the Spring working on the holocaust, genocides around the world, and human rights. This book would be a great addition to our class. \n\nThis project will help students gain confidence in their learning, their reading abilities, and themselves. This book will open their eyes to the world that they still know so little about. This book will motivate students to make a change and to not take for granted the rights and the privileges we have in America. It will also help students understand human rights, and that not all people are created equal. Lastly, it will teach students the importance an individual can play. 
931:::Even at the young age of 6, my students have a passion for learning that drives them to succeed. Each day, we work towards our classroom goals of learning to write like authors, do math like accountants, and complete experiments like true scientists.  \n\nThe first grade classroom contains (at the moment) 28 brilliant students, excited to learn new grade level content. Unfortunately, my students are entering a classroom that is currently devoid of many learning resources that I believe are crucial to keeping them actively engaged, self-sufficient, and excited to learn and show off their knowledge.\nThe amazing school that I am so fortunate to work at is a community school in the truest sense - all students live within short walking distance, parents are involved in their students' learning, and teachers live close to the school building. Due to recent budget cuts, our school has lost the ability to purchase many new resources, leaving students with old or broken materials or none at all. This is not what my students deserve. They deserve a fun learning environment with every tool that will help them succeed. \n\nI am requesting materials that will help my students learn independently during work station time at the end of the day. The dough letter stamps, work building puzzles, and magnetic work completion center will help my students better their understanding of phonics while still having fun. The story telling wands and story building center will help my students develop a love of creative writing and will give them the freedom to express their thoughts through words. The plant growing clear vases will help them complete science experiments in a clean and safe way.  \n\nThese materials will drastically enhance the current independent work stations that we currently have in our classroom. I want to ensure that my students are always enjoying themselves while learning and the items that I am requesting will undoubtedly make independent work time more exciting and creative.  
932:::My students are primarily athletes and students that are interested in physical activity. I want my students to learn every individual and team sport that we can accommodate. One sport we do not get to cover is baseball and that is due to lack of equipment.   \n\nMy students attend a public middle school in a very low-income community in Compton, CA. Sports are very important to my students, as our school mission includes scholarship, leadership, citizenship and sportsmanship. Baseball and softball are not sports that are common in our school community. Participating in these sports provides my students exposure to new experiences and college opportunities beyond football and basketball. As one of our baseball coaches, I see how my students look at the practice resources they are given with disappointment. We need proper equipment so they are encouraged to continue with these sports. \n\nThe materials I am requesting will add a sport that we have not been able to incorporate into are curriculum for many years. Baseball is America's past time and it is important that today's youth gets exposed to the sport. Some students do not get the opportunity to experience this sport for various reasons and I want to change that. By providing the equipment and a structured environment students will be able to learn the rules of the game and learn the proper fundamentals to be successful.  \n\nYour donations will add a sport that we cannot presently provide for our students. It will give the students an outlet that they may not regularly have offered to them. My goal as an educator is to provide as many opportunities to my students as I can and your donations will help me achieve this. 
933:::There is no typical day in my classroom because each day is different. I adapt my lessons and sequence according to the needs of the students. I use music, the news, pop culture, karaoke, and tablets alongside traditional texts to engage my students. We laugh, cry, and learn together. \n\nI love my school. I love my students. I am a committed teacher that is willing to work hard to be a great teacher; however, I cannot do it alone. Smartphones, tablets, and the Common Core State Standards (CCSS) are causing a paradigm shift in education. Unfortunately, due to the digital divide, our most disadvantaged students cannot participate, which widens the existing achievement gap. I immigrated to the US as an illiterate refugee from Vietnam. I was able to bridge the Digital Divide and Achievement Gap. Will you help me do the same for my students? \n\nCurrently, my students use smartphones and tablets to engage with and present information on the web. I have created CCSS-aligned lessons that require students to read, think, write, and collaborate online through apps and social media. Students are annotating text, taking notes in the cloud, and debating through Skype, etc. by using their smartphones or tablets. \n\nThe addition of an iPad mini and the netgear PTV3000 will augment my existing use of tablets. Students are encouraged to use their personal device in my class because my district have adopted a Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) policy, but not all of my students have a device. This project will help provide a tablet for a needy student.\n\nI will train the students how to use tablets as learning tools by teaching them how to read, write, think, and collaborate in the Cloud. My classroom is very close to being paperless because we are utilizing cloud storage and web tools. \n\nI donated six tablets to well-deserving students this year, and their academic achievement increased dramatically. \n\nAs a parting thought, consider the words of Ralph Waldo Emerson: "The house praises the carpenter." I praise my students. 
934:::Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science." -Ralph Waldo Emerson. My class loves science! We want to explore our whole world and how it works! Unfortunately, my students come from a very low to impoverished economic area. Our school has no science materials for our scholars to explore. \n\nThese students come from a rough area. They live in the worst part of our city. Many struggle with poverty and hunger. Many of the kids come from broken homes or foster homes. They are so young yet already have hard lives.\n\nOur school has become the light of their world. While others are telling these kids they will never amount to anything, our school tells them to put their heads up high because education and motivation will make them leaders. We tell them how much worth they hold, and we teach them to set high goals for themselves.\n\nWe believe in our students. We need you to believe in them too! \n\nIf our class receives these microscopes, we will be able to explore a world that we have never before seen. We will use the pocket microscopes to explore plant life in and surrounding our school. We can look closely at pollen or the veins in a leaf. With the standard microscopes, we can create a mini lab in our classroom and take a look at human or animal cells. We can even look at bacteria and learn about how we get sick. For the camera microscope, we will be able to project images from our microscope onto a screen or on the smartboard. We can have class discussions about the microscopic world that surrounds us and release our inner scientist! \n\nProviding microscopes for these little scholars will be a fantastic way to reach them. I see the light in their eyes as we dig in to the science curriculum and it creates the best teachable moments. With today's world being so data driven, standardized tests seem to run schools. Science is often seen as a non-essential subject. I would argue that science is just as important as reading and math. Help bring life, intrigue, and imagination back to the classroom! 
935:::Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon.- Brandt Paul \n\nMy students are amazing! I teach at a title 1 school and approximately 15% are migrant students. The students that are in my class are so eager to learn and desperately want to be successful. Many of the children to do not even start to arrive till after September till November and then turn around and leave starting in March. My school has many tutorial programs that try to bridge the gap that so many of these students have, but with the lack of money to purchase supplies math usually wins over reading. Reading is where my students need the most help, as the reading teacher I want my students to be excited about reading tutorials. \n\nWith the resources that I have requested I can have all of my students in tutorials. There will be enough materials for morning tutorials, extra rotation pullouts and after school tutorials. My migrant students will be able to work on context clues, multiple meaning words and facts and opinions. I want them to be excited to learn and while playing these games such as Hot Dots, they are learning in groups and individually with immediate feedback. \n\nMany of my migrant students do not understand what context clues, homophones and similes are.  With the resources that I have requested I will be able to tutored them so that I can reinforce what I am teaching in the class in a comfortable environment. I don't want my classroom to become a place where drilling them day in and day out is the norm. I want open happy minds that are learning and not even realizing it because of the fun they are having 
936:::An iPad will allow students to watch lectures I record and/or use websites to learn. Class time will be hands-on & allow me to work w/students struggling. Students will move ahead with learning and fly away! They will no longer be held back because learning will be individualized. \n\nMy math students are a culmination of students who have achieved a particular common core math standard. I potentially can have students from all grades (K-6) because their placement with me is based on aptitude of the standard rather than the grade level. My students will only be with me for about one month while we focus on a few standards. Once the standards have been achieved, the student moves to the next level. My entire elementary school is switching to performance-based education so our students can have more opportunities to flourish. \n\nMy students will be able to watch videos of myself instead of listening to me. This will free me up to work with students on the hands-on learning.\n\nWeb-based sites like Khan Academy will also be used to help students learn concepts.\n\nI'll be developing many centers so students can practice what they've learned.\n\nAn iPad will allow for all of the above to be incorporated into the daily classroom routine.\n\nThe ability for me to record my lessons will be priceless for students who have been absent or need additional learning time. \n\nMy project will make a huge difference for my students to move ahead in a performance-based classroom. Students need as many opportunities as possible to learn, practice and prove that they've mastered the common core standard. An iPad will help in all areas for my students because it will provide them with the freedom to learn! 
937:::Some of my students haven't had a teacher in a year or two due to teachers leaving in the beginning or the middle of the school year; therefore, leaving me with students who lack critical thinking skills. Most kids need visual representation of lessons and a document camera will be helpful! \n\nMy middle school students have the desire to learn if the lesson is interesting, relevant, and interactive. They are now finally listening more and talking less. All of my students receive free or reduced school lunch, and most of them walk to school. Most of them have attended this school since they were little, and my school is a Pre-K through 8th grade school. Some of my students have never left their neighborhood, and some have no desire to. \n\nAll of my students are talented in their own special ways, and each has something to offer. They fight structure and routine, but it's what they really want and they need. They test the people who care about them to see how far they can get away with things, but they are full of questions when it comes to something they don't know about or haven't heard of. \n\nMy students have become my own. I can't wait to see how far they have come at the end of this school year.  \n\nStudents learn to cite evidence, make inferences, formulate different types of essays, and many more to get them prepared for college and their chose careers. \n\nMy students need a document camera to see teacher modeling, and to also analyze and assess each other's classwork. What I envision with a document camera is being able to display any student work to show the rest of the class the positives and negatives of the work. Seeing examples always help my students, but I always end up either taking a picture of someone's work or typing work up. \n\nIt would be easier to write on the student work or my own work to show students how to make corrections. Think aloud with a story would be easier, since I don't have to check every student to make sure that they are where I am. The document camera will show our placement within the story, and the students will know exactly what the expectations are.  \n\nThe document camera will make my students' lives better by providing them with several examples from their teacher and their peers. My classroom would be a more positive environment because it allows for sharing and constructive criticism. It's nice to see what your peers say about your work. It's also nice to see examples to help get started with activities, especially writing. \n\n 
938:::Have you ever opened a book and found a character or situation that resonated with your own life experience? Think about the feeling of someone else knowing what you are going through and feeling; many of my students crave the feeling of not being the only one.  \n\nMy diverse population of urban students comes from a variety of family and personal situations. They attend an urban technical high school that provides great school-to-work job training in trade and technical studies. Students in my classes are either in 9th grade English or an elective Short Fiction class.  \n\nThe books in this project are all books that have become, or will soon become movies.  These books will present students with opportunities to get involved with a book, visualize events, get to know characters and then see that story in action with the movie version.  Let's give each student a chance to grow through reading. \n\nI am working with my students on building their reading skills by connecting to stories and visualizing a story in their head - what their movie would look like. As students build their reading repertoire, they increase their ability to visualize the story and have a better understanding of what they are reading. As reading is a central part of all learning activities, I would like to include options for students to discover the truth of reading - the book is better than the movie! 
939:::As a first year teacher in a Title 1 school my students and I need supplies that will support growth in areas like reading and math. \n\nMy amazing students are living in low income apartments and weekly suites which can be a very transient environment for them. This often leads to gaps in their knowledge and skills. \nI need to make every day count with my students which means working in small groups to target individual growth. \n\nHaving fun, engaging materials that build confidence in their abilities will help my classroom immensely. As I work with small groups with the sentence trackers to keep focus on one line at a time, students will work in partners with the other materials. \nThey will use the hooks and sight word flashcards to build reading fluency, and math cards  to quiz each other on much needed fact fluency. Students will use the hot dot system to build phonics skills at their own pace with the built in self checking feature. The measurement center guides them with self checking cards as they measure different objects. These supplies will keep them working and learning. \n\nI want my students to feel proud of what they can accomplish. They struggle with skills that, with a little more work ,they can master. The supplies I selected will allow fun skill building that is an important part of learning. 
940:::A typical day looks like absolute chaos from the outside, students are constantly moving around, talking and leaving the room.  However, it's the opposite of chaos all students are eager to learn and by this "chaos" every child's needs are close to being met. \n\nOur students come from a diverse background from both socioeconomically and culturally.  We are in a Title 1 funded school and is approximately half of the population is ESOL.  Students are hard workers who are wanting to grow to become life long learners, who are the best readers, mathematicians, scientist and historians even in the first grade.  Students have two goals in my classroom a short term and long term goal.  Our short term goal is to go to second grade and our long term goal is to go to college! \n\nWith the materials that I have chosen for our classroom it will help to build the learning environment and make our classroom more welcoming.  By getting the carpets it will help make the students more comfortable in the room.  The books will help to build the diverse readers knowledge of different genres of books and levels of reading, the speakers will help to build students use of technology that we currently have.  By receiving these items we can work to earn more things for our classroom, such as more technology to make our classroom more advanced and the students better prepared for the 21st century!  \n\nThe project will help to improve our classroom by giving students objects that will enhance their learning and make the classroom a more welcoming environment.  We hope you chose to sponsor our classroom and fund our project to help boost our learning environment.  
941:::Can you remember what it was like the first time you read a book that you couldn't put down? Remember when you finished your first book on your OWN and wanted to show the WORLD? My students have just started on their journey and the more text they have to choose from the more they will benefit. \n\nMy students are a fantastically wonderful group of fourth graders who are from moderate income families. Our campus has a huge sense of community and family, but like most schools we struggle to find a way to bridge the gap between the haves and have-nots. In my classroom, students are constantly desiring to have a wider selection of chapter books to choose from. It is my goal to help meet their needs. \n\n"Happy is he who has laid up in his youth, and held fast in all fortune, a genuine and passionate love for reading" ~Rufus Choate. Can you believe how many students cannot read on level or do not have access to books? As you know, illiteracy is a huge problem in our society. It is also a challenge to find a genre of book for each student to get him/her interest in reading. \n\nResearch has shown that there is a major connection between a love for reading and future success in life. Sadly, students are no longer captivated or getting lost in the simple pleasure of holding a book in their little hands. Unfortunately, this seems to be a things of the past. Here's what YOU can do to help. In our classroom, we have a library where students can pick out a book that is "just right" for them as a reader AND that is of interest to them. YOU can make the difference by letting the kids know that every little bit can make a difference in our community as well as mold young minds. \n\nThis project is so important because this next generation is trying to embrace technology, but are forgetting the basics...READING! We, as teachers, have found that easy access to interesting books in student's everyday lives has enhanced their education greatly and create a community of lifelong readers. PLEASE help us build our library so our students can experience great adventures on their reading journey. Believe it or not, these books WILL make a profound difference in live of students. 
942:::I believe that in a time of stressful testing and expectations, school can still be fun!  I encourage my students to explore and take risks in our experiments and projects because that is when learning happens.  They are all smart and unique students who strive to do their best every day. \n\nOur school is located in a low-income area where 97% of the students receive free or reduced lunch. My class is the first 1st grade STEAM class at our title I school.  My students were chosen to participate in the STEAM academy because of their academic and behavioral performance. \n\nMy class is assigned the last lunch class of the day. I have asked parents to send a healthy snack each day to help hold their children over until lunch time. We take a few minutes while transitioning to science to eat a quick snack to sustain our energy and focus. \n\nThese healthy snacks will not only provide a nutritious way to re-energizer my students, but they will also help me educate my students on smart food choices that they can carry with them throughout their lives. \n\nA few of my students do bring snacks each day. Half of those students bring junk food (chips, donuts, cookies, etc). For the others, I try to provide a snack for them so they do not go without.  These snacks will make a difference in my classroom in a couple of ways. First, I would not have to go purchase snacks for my class each day, which would save me money. More importantly, I can provide healthy snacks as an example of smart food choices and use snack time as a nutritious teachable moment. 
943:::Education is a natural process carried out by the child and is not acquired by listening to words but by experiences in the environment." - Maria Montessori \n\nMy students are sponges! At the wonderful ages of 3 and 4, they are excited about school and even more excited to learn. Our program is in an urban city where true experiences for some are limited or obsolete. We provide them with the opportunity to learn, observe, socialize, experiment, express, play and trust safely. \n\nIn providing our students with an abundance of experiences we can only do so much between four walls. So we want to extend our learning space to outside! With the materials in this project we will have a garden where students will be planting seeds, caring for the growing plants and cultivating the vegetables and herbs. They will get to observe and learn about the process using all of their senses! \n\nWe know getting some kids to eat vegetables can be a struggle! When a child has a hand in growing one from a seed, watering it caring for it and eventually picking it they are more likely to try it. They will be given a hands-on opportunity to see where veggies come from. 
944:::I don't know what to do!" It is a statement I hear all too often when my students come to a word problem in math.  How do I build their confidence and help them feel successful? \n\nMy students want to understand word problems and learn how to attack them with zeal.  The students who are struggling the most in my class are the ones who are still missing some of the foundational aspects of math.  They were not ready in the early grades but are definitely ready in the 5th. Working to carefully build their foundational understanding now will impact their future success in math. \n\nMy class will use JUMP math curriculum to help build understanding of math concepts in small workable steps.  This program will help my class to have a solid understanding of math and give my students the confidence and the know-how to do more complicated math.   \n\nMy students are enthusiastic about learning and want to be great mathematicians!  Building a solid foundation of math concepts will impact the way my students think about math for the rest of their lives.  I do not want a single student to ever say, "I don't know what to do." or "Yeah, I can't do math!" ever again! 
945:::I teach classes of creative and enterprising students. They enjoy working with the iPad as a tech tool to showcase their learning. They are constantly looking for new apps that allow them create visual and engaging products. \n\nWe have been fortunate to receive 9 iPads from the generous donors at Donors Choose along with 2 iPads donated to our class this year. Our students flock towards these tools as they come in each day. They use the iPad to collaborate with others via EDMODO, our online component, take photos, create photo essays, iMovie creations, brainstorming and interviewing others. The iPad is their choice for easy and engaging workflow. \n\nAn example of a recent project that utilized the iPad was our YouCube project: Students uploaded pics that represented their lives into EDMODO, then used the app FOLDIFY to put the pictures into cube form. Using writing skills, they created scripts and narrated their narratives on the CROAK App. After that, they used QR Maker App to create the link to the voice narrative. When the cube was ready, students were able to AirPrint directly from the iPad.\n\nThat  was just a quick example of how the iPad is used as a tool in our classroom, easily integrated into any lesson. The lesson is never the iPad....the iPad is just a tool that allows the lesson to flow and empowers students. \n\nThis iPad will make a total of 12, which will be a wonderful addition to our classroom's quest of a device for every student. Students enjoy working in partner groups, but they would get so much more produced if they had their own device. Therefore, please consider helping us grow even closer to our 1:1 goal. 
946:::Most teachers set yearly goals that revolve around data or statistics: "80% improvement in fluency and accuracy." But my goal is much more simple: I want my students to feel confident in their ability to read. Without confidence, they will never want to read and their progress will falter. \n\nMy students range across all levels. Some students are reading Harry Potter while others struggle with first grade level books. At the beginning of the year, one student privately asked me to be excused from reading aloud in front of the class because he "has trouble reading." It was at that moment I realized my goal wasn't to improve their reading levels by a certain percentage but rather to foster their self- confidence. They are all so different in abilities and at the same time so alike in heart. They share in each others successes and are also there to lend a hand when a fellow peer is struggling. They understand, without saying a word, that some students need a bit more help and don't judge but rather support them. Though my goal has been to build their self-confidence, it has been incredible to see how as a class they also play a part in fostering that sense of achievement amongst themselves. \n\nMy students know that whenever they complete their work, they can read. Similarly, when I am not meeting with a Guided Reading group during Language Arts, the rest of the students are expected to complete a Daily 5, two of which require reading. Unfortunately, they all don't read at the same level and being a first year teacher, my collection of books isn't varied enough for all their needs.  Though my students check out books from the school library weekly, the books are not leveled and as a result sometimes my students do not pick "the right fit". With a leveled library inside the classroom, my students will be able to have a personalized "right fit" at their disposal whenever they need or want to read.  \n\nThe same boy who approached me in the beginning of the year wasn't able to participate in "read to self" during Daily 5 because my books are not at his level. Though he had students read to him, his confidence suffered. Recently, I have checked out books just for him and seen how his confidence has soared because he no longer needs to ask for help; he can read on his own. As a result, he enjoys reading and looks forward to the new books I bring him. I want to see that thirst in all my students. 
947:::My students are very mature.  They love to interact and learn!  They enjoy being in class!   \n\nMy students are varied by demographics.  I have over 50% of students on free and reduced lunch.  Even with the inability to purchase items, they have a strong yearn to learn.  My school is in a suburban area and many students walk to school every day.  We also have an urban satellite area that buses in from the city.   \n\nMy students will learn to create three-dimensional objects.  We will use the three dimensional printer to create these objects.  We will use the program blender to create our three dimensional objects and the printer to create these objects.  I believe the kids will love this activity since it will create something that they can take home and take ownership of their object.  \n\nI believe that my project will help improve my classroom by using a new technology that is emerging.  I believe that it is important for the children to learn how to use these emerging technologies.  In today's society, new and improved is a staple in learning.  The use of this printer will improve the student learning. 
948:::I teach first grade at an inner-city public school in Georgia. We adhere to an instructional literacy framework known as Literacy Collaborative (LC). My classroom reading/language arts instruction is a dedicated three-hour block of literacy instructional time (reading/word work/writing). \n\nAll of my students are highly motivated and excited about learning. The Literacy Collaborative framework utilized in my classroom provides the students with a myriad of creative opportunities and small group learning activities. Subsequently, the students are extremely enthusiastic about their daily classroom lessons. \n\nMy students will use the tablets primarily in a small-group setting. During their Managed Independent Learning (MIL) time, these devices will provide the students with an opportunity to practice language arts skills in an engaging and fun manner. The devices will also be used to enhance their math fact fluency and number sense. \n\nMy students lack access to modern technology primarily due to their socioeconomic situation. They simply do not have much of an opportunity to experience and explore many of the exciting, educational, and engaging educational apps that are currently available on devices such as the Nexus 7. 
949:::Currently I create many math manipulatives with cardstock and lamination. These hand-made items do not last us very long and they are also time-consuming and expensive to make and remake. It would help my wonderful students to have durable materials. \n\nI teach wonderful kindergarten students who are from low-income and military backgrounds. I teach at a charter school located near a Naval Base. My kiddos are very deserving. My students range in abilities from struggling learners to gifted mathematicians - the one thing they all have in common is they love to explore math with hands-on manipulatives. I believe these manipulatives will help my struggling learners "see" the math. For my higher ability math group, I believe these materials will help us build our brains for deeper understanding. These manipulatives will serve these students for 2 years as I will be looping with my class next year.  \n\nMy students will be using these materials to work on independent exploration time and math stations. I've searched for materials that can serve my students for multiple purposes. I typically introduce a new concept to my students and then they are able to explore materials and ask questions. The handmade materials we have are flat paper and it's impossible to build 3D shapes and explore concepts of geometry with them.  \n\nThis project will make a difference by allowing my deserving students to engage in hands-on math exploration. It will allow my students to truly grasp concepts that are currently above their understanding.  
950:::Children take great pleasure in listening and reading to stories, and I want to provide them with the materials to do this with as many stories as they can. \n\nNot all students have a love of reading. Many times this is due to the books that are offered within the classroom. I want to provide the American Chillers series to my students as another set of books to select from. \n\nThe books are high interest and are set in unheard of locations. The title Iron Insects Invade Indiana would be a book that most, if not all, of my students would be drawn. \n\nMy students need American Chiller series (2) for the classroom. The books will provide high interests reading for the students in the class.  The books would provide an additional source of books from which to select at silent reading time. The students could also take the books home to read with their parents. This would provide practice in reading aloud and increasing the students' fluency. \n\nThe books will greatly enhance our reading curriculum in the classroom. I want my students to love reading and to instill a life long habit of reading. These materials will hopefully provide a building block for the love of reading. 
951:::Remember being able to read your first book all by your self? \n\nMy little ones are fun, exciting, and full of energy. We love to read and take it very seriously. However,we do not have enough books on our level to read. We are struggling readers in a non title one school with no books! In order to advance our reading skills, it would be beneficial to us to have books on our level.  \n\nIn my class, we will use the books to read independently in the classroom library. They will help us gain independence as well as reading books that are just right for us. \n\nOur curriculum, includes a magnet unit. With our school having low funds, we do not have magnets. We will use the magnet center to learn about magnets.  \n\nMy students will gain so much confidence in reading by actually reading books that are just right for them, They will be able to read with other students in the class and since they will have books on their level, they will quickly move up in reading level. 
952:::My students love to work around the room, yet we have limited space and resources to do so.  We work a lot in the library corner but only have a small carpet where not all my 28 students can fit.  So they have to instead sit on the tile floor. \n\nMy students are very busy and eager to learn. Being from South West Detroit, the majority of my students are Mexican American and come from low-income homes. They love school because it's a safe welcoming place where they are provided what they may not get at home. \n\nI have been building my library since I began teaching 6 years ago.  Reading instruction is also often taught in our library corner.  We have a small classroom rug that fits on average 10 students, the others have to sit on the tile floor.  My students and I would love to have a large enough carpet to fit all 28 students comfortably, so they can read independently and or be taught in whole group. \n\nBy donating to my project you are ensuring a better learning environment for all my students both currently and in the future. Plus it will add a level of fun to their daily learning. 
953:::My students are in need of more books to read. They enjoy reading new books and discovering a new series is like wildfire and spreads quickly.  As Dr Seuss says, "The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more you learn, the more places you'll go."  \n\nI have very avid readers who are always looking for new books to read. Books are a great inspiration to these kids. Once a student gets excited about a book they are very vocal and share the book. there are times that we have waiting lists for for books since there are not enough copies for students who may want to read it. Having the extra copies allows them to enjoy these books while the excitement is still there.  \n\nThese books would be used to enrich students reading.  I also lead a before school book club for 6th grade students who want to go above and beyond their reading level. These students read very quickly and it is important to have books they want to read available. They will learn to read for enjoyment and continue to expand their vocabulary and their imagination. \n\nThese donations will be a great addition to our classroom library. It gives students more choices and more opportunities to get excited about reading. Having different genres and reading levels will also expand their reading horizon. 
954:::My students have come to my school because they had difficulties in traditional education. Many of them have been kicked out of and are no longer welcome at public schools. Others have been mistreated there due to disabilities. They flock to my school and have come to see it as a safe, second home. \n\nMy students are a determined group. More than 80% of them are growing up below the federal poverty line but they still manage to come to school with smiles on their faces and eagerness in their eyes. More than 33% of my students qualify for Special Education and more than 50% are English Language Learners. This means that in English especially, visual aids, cues, and guidance, are greatly needed and key to their success as scholars. \n\nI am requesting a document camera because while my students are bright and determined, over 33% of them qualify for special education and have difficulty with spatial reasoning. This means that my students often cannot make the connection between seeing a PowerPoint slide or writing on the board, and understanding how to organize the information on their papers or a worksheet. Many of their Individualized Education Plans (IEPs) specifically require accommodations for student note taking or independent writing.\n\nIf I were able to project a worksheet or graphic organizer onto the screen for them to see, and write directly into it, it would help them make the connection and see exactly how they should be utilizing the writing tool we are working with.  \n\nThe addition of a document camera to my classroom will allow my students to access information in a straight forward way. While a typical student would have no problem transforming a PowerPoint slide or a diagram drawn on the white board into their notes or graphic organizer, my students' processing abilities are very different and therefore they require the extra the scaffolding of seeing exactly what they should be doing on their paper.  
955:::Have you ever struggled to understand what those around you grasp easily? I would like to help support my students as we transition to the common core curriculum which requires more rigorous instruction and learning. \n\nEvery one of the students in my classroom has a disability that impacts their ability to learn. My students require extra support in order to make the same progress as their general education peers. They need concepts broken apart with individual support and attention in order to develop their skills. \n\nEach one of my students is on an IEP (Individualized Education Plan) developed with specific educational goals. The Math Intervention Teaching Center and Common Core Math I requested would help me individualize the support I provide my students. I would be able to individually focus on math concepts that would build my students' independence toward meeting grade level standards. \n\nExpectation is everything, and unfortunately all too often the students in my classroom are not expected to meet the rigor of today's classrooms. I would like to help them surprise themselves with their ability to understand and explain their mathematical thinking. It is important to me to help my students reach their own expectations of success, and for many of them that would include a well deserved high score to hang on their fridge. 
956:::Ever fall asleep when reading a book? Help keep my students awake with these lively TAG readers and TAG books!  \n\nI teach in an urban school in Southeast, Virginia. Over 80% of our students receive free or reduced lunch. Many of our students live in very violent surroundings, coming from single parent homes. They unfortunately lack number sense, putting them behind as they enter kindergarten. I will have a class of 19 energetic and lively first grade students, most of whom I had last year.  \n\nOur reading block consists of reading instruction with me at my back reading table and then the rest of my students are working in independent reading centers. In order for me to successfully provide my students with reading instruction I need my other students fully engaged in their centers. The TAG readers and the TAG books I am requesting will help make this possible. This reading center will help my students with fluency, reading comprehension and phonics.  \n\nWith our school being a priority school, our main focus right now is on reading. My students are progressing, but definitely need materials to aid their progress. These TAG readers and TAG books will help keep students interested in books and encourage them to read! The more you read, the better reader you'll be! 
957:::I love teaching history through pictures, stories, and primary source documents so that my students understand the time period in detail. I like for my students to get excited about what they learning. I also like for them to be able to display their knowledge in visual and creative ways. \n\nI teach a wonderful group of 90 seventh graders. They are creative, respectful, eager to learner, and full of life. They always have great questions about history and love to get involved in the learning. My school is the largest middle school in the county with close to 1000 students in a rural part of the state. It is a great school with a wonderful staff and students. Unfortunately, our school does not qualify for Title 1 funding, but there is still a great need for resources in the classroom.  \n\nOver the next few months, I will be teaching my students about WWII, and the Vietnam and Cold War. We don't not have current social studies textbooks at my school, so I am trying to gain other resources for my kids to use to learn about these wars. They will use the art supplies to create their own children's books about these wars and other posters that represent the time period.  \n\nThis project will improve my classroom because I do not have enough money to buy all of these supplies on my own. My students will be able to learn about these wars in more detail with these supplies and will be able to express themselves in a creative way.  
958:::Do you remember reading as a child? I do. All I needed was a library card and a quiet spot. Today these things are still available, but becoming more and more readily available through technology. Unfortunately, many of the students I work with don't have access to these types of technology. \n\nMy students come from the largest school district in the state of Connecticut. We are also the largest school in our district. Most of my students live below the poverty line and in environments that are not conducive to learning. Even with these things going on around them, they make it to school every day and have an insatiable love of learning. \n\nI want to help cultivate their love of learning. We are asking for a new tablet and accessories for our classroom. Through the use of tablets, I will not only have access to a library on demand through apps such as iBooks, but I will also be able to access many educational apps that can help my students learn from the comfort of their seats. Not only will my special needs students be able to access visually captivating sites, but my bilingual students will also benefit from this. Education through the use of this technology is the direction in which the modern world is heading. By giving my students experience with manipulating this type of technology, they will have a distinct advantage over peers in terms of understanding how to effectively use technology to enrich their learning. \n\nCaptivation and motivation are two important factors in educating our children today. We live in a society where instant gratification and the use of technology are dominant. Please help me to keep my students up to par or better than the others. Together we can give them the edge they need to be competitive in a technologically driven market. Not only that, but we will also be able to give them the tools needed to enrich their own education.
959:::I am seeking new multicultural dollhouse materials to support the dramatic play of children during Play Therapy sessions.\n\nThe Playroom is a special place within the nurturing environment of Community Roots Elementary School. In the Playroom counseling sessions use Play Therapy enabling children to express their feelings in a non-judgmental therapeutic setting. Children are encouraged to use their innate language to express their issues through PLAY!\n\nThe Playroom has a variety of toys and games. A popular choice for children is the dollhouse. The dollhouse can allow children to work through themes that are troublesome at home or create an ideal setting that they may be yearning for. Having dolls for children to play with that closely resemble their own race can facilitate a child's level of feeling comfortable in the playroom. The Playroom allows for a safe and confidential place for children to explore their feelings about home and family relationships.\n\nYour donation of new dollhouses with multicultural dolls will provide our Playroom with materials that will facilitate our children's exploration of their internal worlds through concrete play. Thank you for supporting the emotional growth of our children.
960:::My students love reading and they are eager to get their hands on "cool" books. \n\nWith 85% of our students eligible for free or reduced-price lunch, our neighborhood school is an integral part of the community within which it is located. In its first year of implementing an Expeditionary Learning model, our school integrates literacy and social studies/science topics into extended units of study. Another powerful aspect of our "EL" model is the CREW curriculum, which teaches social and emotional skills that are necessary for students' success in school. Despite masterful scaffolding and differentiation by the classroom teachers, students who are behind in reading struggle to access the content of Expeditions. The students I am privileged to work with are struggling readers in Kindergarten through 3rd Grade. They are a group of fun, unpredictable characters who demonstrate pride in their growth and successes.  \n\nThe books from this project will boost my classroom library.  My students will be able to check out the books from my library and take them home to share with their siblings and families.  I chose low level, high interest books.  This means that my students will be interested in them, but they are on a level that they can read on their own. \n\nThe goal of this project is to inspire my students to read independently at home and to share their love of reading with their families.  The more engaging literacy opportunities I can afford my students, the more motivation and success I will see in them. 
961:::Every morning as the students are getting ready for reading, they get so excited and can not wait until it's their groups turn to use the class room library.  Reading has truly captured their hearts in so many ways. \n\nMy students are a great rambunctious group of bilingual children who are in love with reading and writing.  They especially enjoy sharing what they have written with the rest of the class and can hardly wait until it's their turn.  Our school is a great school with lots of caring staff and students.  Our community is always involved with the activities at our school. \n\nMy students will use the iPad to enhance their reading.  Students will be able to sit down in the reading corner in the class room and be able to retrieve a just right book from the iPad.  Depending on their reading level, they will be able to select if they want the story read to them. It will be an overall rewarding experience for them. \n\nMy project will make a difference, because they will be able to take reading to another level by integrating technology with reading.  As a teacher, I will also be able to download videos and show them the world. 
962:::There are many students in my classroom who only get to experience technology during school hours.  I want to set the tone for these students to experience more technology. \n\nStudents in my classroom are very energetic, and they must stay actively engaged in the learning that is taking place.  They love to work for a prize.  My school is working to improve the amount of technology that is available to students on a daily basis.  I want to set a tone in my classroom that helps students prepare themselves for the world of technology they will face after graduation.  There are so many students who tell me they can't work on the different educational sites at home, because they don't have computers or tablets.  I want to be able to increase the amount of time they are able to get on computers to research, work on improving skills for learning, and preparing for the world that is awaiting them.   \n\nMy students are required to work on Reflex Math at least three times a week, and I have competitions for MobyMax to improve other skills for the students.  It is very important to allow them time to work on the computer.  I have three student computers in my classroom, and we are able to get the grade laptops once every 7-8 days.  I want to keep my students exposed to different forms of technology so that their skills are improved, and they have an idea of what the world will be like one day.  Technology is taking over, and we have to make sure that our children are prepared for it.  Eventually I would like to have a classroom set of iPads so that all of my students can work on them when their work is finished, but I know that having one is a start to something great.  The ideal goal of the iPad is to have apps that will help students achieve within the classroom.  I want to see my students grades improve daily. \n\nDonations to this project will get my class started on a new world of technology.  My students will become exposed to the world of technology, and they will be able to learn while having fun.  I want them to understand that learning is more than books and paper.  Technology is a great tool to help them improve their skills for the classroom. 
963:::Good order is the foundation of all things."  - Edmund Burke.  \nMy students need to learn and practice the skill of organization. Organization is one of the foundations of learning.  We as learners organize our thoughts, our ideas and our notes... so why not our spaces??? \n\nOur school is located in a high poverty area.  My students have diverse backgrounds and are eager to learn.  They lack the ability to be organized.  It is not uncommon for some students living in poverty to lack the skill of organization. I feel that they need the tools and materials to succeed in organizing their school lives. Despite the many disadvantages, my seventh grade students want to succeed. This is a great place to start!!! \n\nMy English Language Arts students need these tools and materials to learn the art of organization. I have three class periods of approximately 30 students. Each small group (10 groups) would have an organizational caddy along with an eight pocket folder to store daily and weekly class assignments.  It is ideal for storing our daily grammar and bell ringer papers as well as our novel reviews.  With their materials in their groups, it will cut down on extra movement around the room.   When students are wandering around the room, inappropriate incidents can occur.   It will make it easier to access materials during instruction as well. \n\nAny donation you make to this project is one step closer to creating capable and productive members of society.  Organization is a skill all students need in their lives.  It is one more step toward college and career readiness! 
964:::This being my final year with my students in the middle school setting; I want them to have the knowledge needed to succeed in high school.  I look upon the reminder of the year to empower their brains with a wealth of usable instruction. "Knowledge is power."  Moreover, no one can take it away. \n\nThese teaching materials and supplies will continue to raise their awareness in language arts, social studies, and their English classes in high school.  This is my sixth year in the classroom; I have taught in a Title I school system since my first day in the classroom.  Now, in the last three years, I have a great group of students that I have seen mature and grow.  My goal since their first day in my class was for them to succeed at all cost.  They have done that consistently every year in my presence. \n\nMy students will be able to increase their knowledge in reading comprehension skills. Moreover, these resources will give them support in the basic knowledge needed across their core curriculum.  The Trait Crates will be used during small group instruction.  Our school  has a time block dedicated to specific individual instruction. Hopefully, the materials selected will motivate students to strive to be better students. The supplies (stapler, hole puncher, and sharpener) will help them stay neat and organized.  This is also a quality that will carry forward with them to high school next year. \n\nWith THIS project funded, I hope to send them off to continue that success in high school and possibly college.  I have no doubt they will become influential future leaders in every area across the board (authors, singers, poets, engineers, etc.). 
965:::Well, can you believe that we have computers but not any hardware! My class has computers but no monitors, keyboards, and mice to make use of the computers. \n\nMy students are so excited when we have our once a week computer lab time. All they think about on that day is using technology. The students enjoy competing against each other on websites and they want to type their written work; however, we do not have enough technology to help them meet their goals. \n\nMy students come from hard working families who do not have extra money to provide the technology students need these days. My class has 19 hard-working third graders. They are very excited to learn and want to share their ideas with the entire class. Our state tests are now web-based and students need to become familiar with online activities, as well as keyboarding skills. They will use the computers to type reports, create research projects, use programs to strengthen their math skills, and practice their reading fluency with computer-based programs. \n \n\nHaving access to technology in the classroom will enhance students' creativity and engagement. Students this year, as well as future students, will be able to use the computers. Having the external hardware to make our computers complete will inspire students for years to come.  
966:::I teach in a classroom that has traditional kindergarten tables.  The only problem is that the children do not have their instructional materials readily available.  We tried using crates and file folders to keep their materials organized but it took too long and confused the children. \n\nI am the luckiest teacher in the world because I am fortunate to teach at an exceptional school.  Although we may not have the financial resources and additional programs that other schools in our district have, we do make sure our children's needs are met in the best way possible.  We have a unique philosophy. Our school is a "No Excuses University" school. We belong to a network of schools that instills the attainable goal of a college education for all of our children.  Teachers, parents and students truly believe that each student in our school WILL go to college...NO EXCUSES!  We do not let low socioeconomic levels, second language difficulties, or problems at home stop us in our pursuit that each and every one of our students will go to college and have a successful and happy life. Our kindergarten program even switched from an extended day program to a full-day format to give our students the maximum amount of learning possible.  Our kids are "college bound!"\n\nThese chair pockets would help so much with our day to day learning!  We will be utilizing them each and every day.  Our classroom only has the traditional kindergarten tables and we were not able to get the regular individual desks that provide storage for materials.  The chair pockets will provide a storage area where the students will have their materials readily available right on the back of their chair!  We've tried crates and files for each table but the children got so confused and the files kept breaking.  This also took so much time away from the actual learning because we had to take the time for 30 students to get their materials and put them back after each lesson.  I now have recyclable bags attached to their chairs because they were affordable and they seemed to do the trick.  Unfortunately, they are beginning to break and I have learned that they are not sturdy enough. \n\nBy having the chair pockets in the classroom, not only will it be aesthetically pleasing for the children but it will teach them how important it is to be organized.  Even as young as kindergarten, each child needs to learn the importance of being organized.  They need to learn that becoming a organized person helps them not only become a better student but a successful adult as well.  This will also promote more time to focus on learning. 
967:::Do you remember having a dollar and enthusiastically telling everyone, "I'm rich!"? My students are beginning to think about money and saving to buy things they like, but they still do not quite understand the concept of coins and bills. \n\nI teach kindergarten to thirty-one English Language Learners. They hail from a high-poverty neighborhood and acquiring basic supplies is often a challenge for their families. Since our school has limited funds, we are frequently limited to teaching using paper and pencil. The monotony causes our students to be bored, leaving them less motivated to actually learn what is being taught. \n\nHaving math manipulatives would make it easier for my students to comprehend concepts that are not easy to grasp for kinesthetic learners. We will cover important topics, such as currency and time, in order to prepare them not only for first grade but for the world around them. Using the ink, I would be able to print worksheets for them to practice these concepts. I will use the post-it easel pads in order to create anchor charts with my students' help to remind them about important information covered and the pencils and certificates will serve as incentives in order to increase their motivation. \n\nYour donation will provide my students with colorful, hands-on, age-appropriate resources that will help them understand and master basic math concepts, such as money, leading them not only to financial literacy but also to academic success. 
968:::There is nothing like the audible silence that falls over my students when they are about to be taught how to use a new technology tool. It is the best part of every day. I teach my K-8 students technology daily in order to inspire students and keep them invested in their learning. \n\nMy students enthusiastically endeavor to learn all they can about technology and how it relates to other aspects of their lives and their learning. My school is a K-8 school in the San Francisco Bay Area. My students thrive on experiences in learning which take them out of the conventional lesson paradigm and into territory that is new, even to the adults teaching them. \nEvery day I wake up knowing that my students are at an age where they are ripe to develop lifelong interests and to be moved to do something with their lives accordingly. This is the most exciting part of teaching. The idea that something I do as a teacher today could affect the world of tomorrow is what inspires me to be the best technology teacher and librarian I can be in that hour when I see each of my classes every week. \n\nMy students need a 3D printer for studies across the curriculum. As the teacher librarian, I teach technology in the context of classroom curriculum. Among other things, I would very much like to support their studies of mathematic equations, history and science. The idea is to teach them to integrate their new knowledge of these subjects to create projects using this wonderful tool. While doing this they will also be tapping into their creative side, and thusly enjoying an aesthetic pursuit as well. In the process, my students will learn to use cutting edge technology and be exposed to a broad spectrum of disciplines while hitting a myriad of state learning standards for library and technology. I can't wait to give them this experience! They will be over the moon with excitement. \n\nProjects with new technology inspire children for years to come. I am in my 38th year of teaching. I have young people coming back to see me. Time and time again they refer to the innovative projects we did years ago. It is these projects they most remember, and inspire them to visit me regularly throughout the years. Some even say their chosen fields were based on those experiences. Need I say more? 
969:::My classroom is always jumping!  I believe experience is the best way for my deaf students to develop their language and learn new concepts.  We love to do labs and activities! \n\nMy high school science students are deaf and hard-of-hearing.  Due to this they often have delays related to language and reading.  My classroom invites students to explore and learn through experience.  The students are motivated and engaged when they are doing a lab or activity.  This encourages them to read, write and communicate.  The activities have a direct effect on their learning. \n\nMy students will use the electronic balances for the variety of labs and activities we do.  It is important for students to be involved in their learning.  The scales will help them weigh chemicals for a lab.  We also do a lot of observing and weight is on of the characteristics the students must observe.  The students will improve their reading skills as they read the directions to the lab, the writing skills as they write and will learn better communication as they share results.  The students will practice math skills as they use the weights to answer various problems related to the lab.  The balances will get a lot of use! \n\nYour donation will provided my students with quality balances they can use during their exploration of science topics.  The students will feel like real scientists because they will have first class equipment to use.  Thank you! 
970:::My students are highly discouraged with being educated.  They seem to think that everything is "too hard" for them to do and accomplish.  Their way of thinking has changed a little and they have persevered through reading and solving math problems.  Technology is more interesting. \n\nI have a combo 4th/5th grade class of special needs students.  Each student has an individualized educational plan (IEP) that targets their areas of need.  Most of these students have behavioral problems as well, so motivating them to work and have proper social skills while completing tasks are difficult.  Out of the 20 students, 17 are male.  All of them are very familiar with cell phones and technology and accessing web sites on my personal computer yet they don't have technology of their own in the classroom.  My school cannot afford to purchase the technology for my classroom.  We do have a computer lab but it is earmarked for certain school wide use.  The students love going to the computer lab.  Yet desktops are not at the cutting edge of technology.  Using the iPad would be more relevant because we would have more access to apps, software, and programs that help students learn how to be contribute to this world. \n\nBased on their IEP goals, students will have certain programs downloaded on the iPad that will help them practice on their individual goals.  There are so many programs and apps that can be used to help them achieve their goals.  Each student will have a certain amount of time allotted to use the iPad per week.  The iPad can also be used for paragraph writing, spelling practice, math explanations and practice, keyboarding, reading leveled readers, and dictating stories.  Students also need practice using the iPad for many different demands since the State tests that are taken each year will be taken on iPads from now on.  My students will learn to navigate on the iPad (open programs, input web addresses to gather research, drag and draw information, type, solve math problems, use the calculator and voice recording devices, etc.) and get practice on their individual goals. \n\nMy students need to gain access to being successful.  They need different opportunities to get access to the core education curriculum.  Apps and software that my students may not have access to will become available to them using iPads.  My students will grow academically and feel more successful when educational tasks are put in front of them.  Being more successful with educational tasks will help to lessen their behavior problems. 
971:::We believe that students learn science and engineering by doing science and engineering. Designing and rapid prototyping will help our students live this belief every day when exploring new topics and creating new ways to demonstrate what they have learned. \n\nOur school is quickly becoming the premiere STEM school in the country. We are a public school in Chicago with no academic admissions requirement for students traditionally under-served in STEM fields. Due to our unique model, students can graduate with an associates degree in a STEM field. \n\nStudents will use the 3D printing to design and create new equipment used in the lab to investigate motion, force and energy. Additionally, they will use it to create artifacts used in various projects such as Periodic Table board games or marble roller coasters. \n\nBy creating and sharing artifacts for an authentic audience students will be more engaged and active in the classroom. This will help build their confidence and self-efficacy in science and technology as they grow. 
972:::I am 43, you are only 7, you are doing much better than I was at your age. You come to school to try new things, learn and get better, you can do this!" These are some of the things that I say to my art students on a daily basis. I want my students to have the courage to create and be proud. \n\nI teach about 400 students at a rural Georgia school. Approximately 70 percent of the students are on free lunch which means their families don't have a lot of extra money to spend on new toys or technology at home. Like any young child they are hungry for knowledge and opportunity. For this reason, I strive to provide new and exciting materials and experiences within the art classroom. \n\nAmong other things I do teach students how to draw, shade and create visual texture. We will use the boogie boards for step by step drawing lessons drawing animals and other things. I will teach them different shading techniques like crosshatching and stippling. All of these things and more can be done without the use of paper! \n\nMy daughter is older than the students I teach and she takes her boogie board everywhere. When asked why she likes it she said, "Because I can draw on it and do anything on it and I can take it anywhere then it goes away with the push of a button." \nMy students will be ecstatic when they discover how cool the boogie boards are. Cleaner than chalk or dry erase but different, they will open up a new door of creativity for my art students. 
973:::Can we actually build it?"  my students asked the other day.   They had designed clever and creative devices to improve healthcare for senior citizens, but where stuck when asked how to actually create the devices they designed. \n\nThe students in my class are all female high school seniors who are in their fourth year of biomedical coursework.  We have been working on a year-long project about the physiology and psychology of aging and have moved from learning body systems and medical terminology through dissection to implementing experiments to test body systems in different age groups and are now working on our final project to design health care innovations to improve quality of life for elderly senior citizens. \n\nThe students are in the initial stages of creating their innovation designs.  We just visited a local senior day home for dementia patients and visited with the nurse and patients to learn about what we could do to help improve their lives.  Ideas range from better toilet seats to transfer boards for cars to better plates for easily scooping food.  \n\n As of now, we can only move to the conceptual design phase of the project.  With a 3D printer we can actually build, test, and donate the devices to help the senior center.  The high school seniors will gain a valuable design and prototyping experience and the day home member seniors will receive innovative solutions to help facilitate their daily healthcare needs. 
974:::Student choice is what drives our Literacy block each day. Some students may be working on fluency, listening to reading, while others find a quiet comfy spot to read somewhere around the room. I am working hard to help match students with books they can be absorbed in and be life-long readers. \n\nMy 4th grade students have a lot of energy, love to talk, as well as share their ideas and opinions. Currently I have 20 students, 13 girls and 7 boys. They work hard to improve their reading levels by "stealing" minutes to read when they can. They are always asking for the use of more technology and new books for our classroom. Our school has around 700 students from Pre-K up to 5th grade. Of those students, about 48% of them receive assistance with meals, both breakfast and lunch. Food is sent home with five of my students on Fridays to help with meals over the weekends. \n\niPad Minis will allow for individual practices in all content areas whether using apps or websites. Students in my room will be able to research topics for projects. One of the requirements by the end of the year is to write a research paper on an animal that is indigenous to our state. Students will also be able to use online reading programs to read materials and have them be read to them. They will also be able to record themselves reading books so that they may hear themselves reading and be able to adjust and practice their fluency. Students can also use these materials to record themselves making "book commercials" to entice others to read a new book. Students can also use them to take tests and check comprehension of the books they have read. These materials will also allow students to be able to view instructional videos.  \n\nThese materials will help individualize instruction, allow for more resources to be available for them to use, and help maintain their attention to different tasks. This will improve their technology awareness to prepare them for their future and they will get to learn content material that is up to date that cannot be obtained from our obsolete textbooks. 
975:::A typical day in my classroom would include the use of technology through whole group instruction. My students use tablets and devices they have from home to complete literacy centers with Google Docs and through using QR Codes. In Math we use the tablets for independent practice and skill practice. \n\nI have 18 first grade students in my classroom. We would like to be a 21st Century Classroom through the use of technology to complete research and publishing on a daily basis. My students are excited to be active participants in their learning. They get excited when it is their turn to use the technology we have available in our classroom. Our school is a bring your own device school, but not many of my students have their own devices. We would love to have access to more technology in our classroom. \n\nMy students would use the 4 Samsung Galaxy tablets with protective cases to complete literacy centers which would include Google Docs, Qr Codes and research and composing writing. They would also use the tablets to complete assignments from Moodle. If my students had more technology available there is no limit to to what could be accomplished. \n\nThe donations to my project will enable my students to become a 21st Century Classroom through the use of more technology. This project will enable more students  to access  and improve their use of technology on a daily basis.  
976:::My students are energetic!  Every morning, we begin our day by chanting our classroom cheer and by reciting our school creed!  Both the chant and our creed  are college themed because we believe in college for certain! Yes we can! \n\nMy students are kind, respectful and caring. Every day they come to school ready to take advantage of every opportunity to learn. My students are part of a school that works hard each and every day to make sure that everyone is working hard because college for certain is our goal! \n\nMy students will be able to use the pocket charts during circle time.  The pocket charts will help my students by learning and reviewing important concepts such as letters and sounds, days of the week, changes in weather and shapes.  All of these concepts are important in kindergarten and first grade to build a strong foundation in reading and math. \n\nThis project is very important to my little learners.  We need your support to make learning fun, engaging and productive.  These resources will increase the chances my students have to be successful in school.  Please support our hopes and dreams!  We believe in college for certain and we can only make this a reality with your help and support. My little learners are counting on you!  Yes we can! 
977:::You mean I have to go up to the principal and ask him questions? And I have to write down his answers?", asked a student with a look of panic in her eyes. It was going to be her first interview and crack at a news story. \n\nMy students are all English Language Learners living in an urban and underprivileged area. Resources in my school are somewhat available, but specific items for a school newspaper are scarce. All my students speak Spanish as their primary language and are at the verge of mastering their second language, English. Many are reluctant to speak out loud, because they are aware that they have an accent or may not pronounce words with ease. My students would benefit from another outlet in which to express themselves while improving not only their second language skills, but also their writing skills. \n\nI am piloting a school newspaper and students will use the steno pads to take notes while they plan and conduct interviews. Flash drives will be used to store their stories and any photos they may take. The easel and easel pad will be used to plan the monthly editions of the paper and brainstorm ideas for stories. I will teach students how to reference the AP style book when writing and self-editing their stories. \n\nAll students will learn valuable speaking and writing skills. Some may even learn how to overcome their shyness and gain confidence when having to take pictures and interview both adults and peers. My hope is that students will be inspired to look at news, information and writing in a fresh new way. 
978:::The 5th grade scholars in my classroom work hard during most of the school day. When recess time comes, we need to get active! Moving helps prepare us for another intense afternoon of learning together. \n\nMy students are scholars. They love to learn, and they use every moment during our day to learn. 99% of the students at my school qualify for free or reduced lunch. 96% of the students at my school are students of color. Despite the odds, my students are working hard to ensure that they are college and career ready. They understand that being college and career ready means that we need to take our physical condition and health seriously. \n\nThese materials will give students the opportunity to play soccer, kickball, basketball, and other games during recess. Every day, the tools will prevent students from standing around and getting bored.  The variety of balls will provide students with choice. The tools will encourage cooperative play and active lifestyles.  Through this fun and active play, my students will establish healthier habits and lifestyles.\n \n\nDonating to this project will make a positive impact on our recess time. Help us stay active. Help us learn teamwork and cooperation. Your donations matter to us! Thank you in advance for your generosity. 
979:::Do you ever feel like you do not understand technology? My students sometime feel like this.  My students need technology in the classroom so that they can learn how to use it and compete projects that incorporate technology. \n\nMy students are fifth graders who live in a rural community in Southern Utah.  My students come from different social backgrounds and sometimes have moved around a lot.  My students love to learn by doing.  Anytime they can learn without worksheets they love and seem to remember those things better.  They love technology and would love to be able to do research in the classroom and use the Internet.  Some of my students do not have Internet or computers in their homes.  This would be a perfect chance to introduce them to technology and the Internet. \n\nMy students need to be exposed to technology. Technology is such a big part of our lives. Can you imagine not being able to work a computer or not being able to surf the Internet? My students need a chance to learn by using Chromebooks. My students will be able to do more research projects in class, practice their writing, increase their fluency, improve their comprehension, and even create projects with this technology. Who knows, the next big film maker could be in my class and with your help learn his or her passion in fifth grade. \n\nThis project is very close to my heart because I want my students to be able to go and use a computer without feeling overwhelmed and afraid of it. Some of my students have no access to a computer, Internet, or technology at all. School is the only place that they get to use this stuff. I want my students to have the same opportunity to use technology and for it to become second nature to them as other students in our school district. I feel that this technology will help my students. 
980:::Be the Change You Want to See in the World"~ A typical day in my classroom is not only spent on academics, but spent on building relationships, teamwork, and taking risks.  We spend our days learning how to be problems solvers, successful readers, scientific explorers, and brilliant writers. \n\nMy students are 3rd graders who come from a small rural community in western PA.  I have students from all different types of families and backgrounds.  My 3rd graders are full of energy and spirit.  I like to teach them in a way that keeps them wanting to come to school everyday!  Many of my students come from farming families as agriculture is a large part of our community.   Many of my students have not been out of our community to visit other states or countries.  A lot of the students don't know yet what else is out their in our world.  I always try to open my students' eyes to other cultures through hands-on learning. This is one of the reasons this carpet would benefit my classroom.  Our school is a primary center housing grades kindergarten through 3rd grade.  We take great pride in that our school is a safe and positive place for students to spend their days! \n\nWhen I envision teaching in a primary center I always see parts of my day where the whole class meets on a carpet as a whole.  Unfortunately, the 3rd grade classrooms are not equipped with classroom carpets.  I start each day with a classroom greeting/meeting where we set a positive tone for the day.  If I had a carpet, the students could all come to the carpet to sit for this meeting.  I also hold a weekly classroom meeting to discuss our bully prevention program.  A carpet would be a great gathering place to hold this weekly meeting.  The use for this carpet would be endless.  Students could sit on it during reading time, small group math time, and for social studies when learning about the United States.  The map on this carpet would be a great visual for students to look at each day to help them learn the 50 states along with where they are placed within the country.  A classroom carpet would greatly enhance learning and classroom community in my 3rd grade classroom. \n\nOne of the biggest problems in schools today is students are losing that sense of a positive classroom community.  It feels like so often we are hearing more and more about students being bullied in schools, and not having that positive social experience that school really should be.  I feel like having a common place for my class to sit and meet each and everyday will be really effective in providing students with that positive classroom experience that all are in such high need of. 
981:::Before going to Listen to Reading centers, we discuss how we are learning to become better readers and it is fun to learn and understand new words by listening to books on tape. \n\nWe are not an affluent school and we are not an at risk school so my school does not qualify for federal or state funding. We depend on generous donations from our local businesses and churches to purchase resources for our classroom. We are always looking for resources to enhance learning and motivate our students. \n\nStudents will use the book sets during our Literacy Block. They will listen to books on tape and write a response in their \nWriter's Notebook according to the learning target for the week. Listening to Books is fun and engaging and helps auditory learners become more independent. \n\nListening to books on tape will help foster learning and independence in my classroom. Listening to books will benefit not only the auditory learners but all students as well. Students will be able to focus on the text, vocabulary, rhyming words that is fun and engaging. 
982:::Do you recall being 8 or 9 years old? My third graders are almost always on the move. Thinking, working together, sharing ideas, testing and solving problems, and so much more! There's so much excitement going on in our classroom each day. \n\nOur school is a Title I school in a suburban school district. My students are a creative, energetic, caring group of students who will benefit from being able to move while they work.  \n\nMy kiddos love to come to school and tell stories, ask questions, and share ideas. They know that school is important and they work hard everyday to learn something new. The stability balls will help increase focus while allowing my students to wiggle without distracting other students. \n\nThere are 3 main purposes for using the stability balls and incorporating movement into our classroom.  1. Movement increases blood flow to the brain, which is better for brain function, focusing, and learning.  2. Movement helps children "get the wiggles out" which aides their natural need to move.  This helps them focus by expending the excess energy they build up throughout the day.  3. Sitting on a stability ball supports and builds core muscles. \n\nKeeping my third graders active helps keep them engaged and invested in their learning. Increasing their movement throughout the day is a healthier alternative to sitting still and they will be able to improve their posture while getting their wiggles out.  Thank you so very much for your donation to our third grade classroom! 
983:::Do you remember when you first discovered the love of reading? Do you remember when you couldn't put a book down because you wanted to know what happens next?  I believe in teaching my students how to read while enjoying reading discovering their love of reading.  \n\nI have 22 students in my class who are filled with energy and excitement for all topics.  The students are part of a classroom community that values differences and believe in helping each other succeed.  We celebrate our strengths and encourage each other to try our best.  We greet each other every morning and share positive thoughts with our friends.  You can see it in our smiles- WE LOVE SCHOOL! Our school has grades K-4 and this year's school theme is Road Trip in the USA. Our teachers dress up as historical figures to take our students across the US to teach lessons on citizenship and character.  Our class along the other 3rd grade classes showcased the Gettysburg Address while singing patriotic songs and presenting a slideshow to our school.  We care about learning and always have FUN doing it!  \n\nOur students will use the bookcase to hold our reading workshop binders and books.  Because the bookshelf is mobile and have 2 sides, students will be able to pick and return books with ease.  They can also manage their own materials be responsible reading workshop learners.  By keeping materials in one area and allowing students to have open access to books we can foster the love of reading by giving our students choice.  The thumballs used in morning meeting and reading centers will also spark students' excitement of reading through sharing.  While having fun movement activities, students will be able to share their favorite parts.   \n\nBy supporting students love of reading we are building a strong foundation for life-long readers.  Students will grow as learners and citizens supported by strong reading skills.  By helping students improve their reading, we help them build as thinkers.  By sharing their enjoyment of reading, students build confidence through communication.  
984:::In algebra one, we keep a notebook.  I need scissors and glue, so students can glue graphs and notes into their notebooks.   \n\nMy students are a great bunch of kids, but have trouble bringing supplies to the classroom.  The school we attend is title one with most the students on free/reduced lunch.  I do not want to ask my students to provide glue and scissors when I can have a class set. \n\nIn algebra one, we like to keep an interactive journal.  We cut out actives and glue them into our notebooks. The students like the interaction that comes with organizing their notebooks.  They have found different ways to fold and glue notes that personalize their journals.   \n\nHaving the correct supplies to complete projects will help students with organization and neatness.  I also like that at the end of the school year students can take home their notebook and use it as a reference for next year.   
985:::It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. Billy Shakespeare could not have hit the nail on the head more. Everyday my students engage in habits of mind and mind growth exercises. Studying and practicing various math skills will enable each scholar to enhance their skills. \n\nBright, young, future leaders. At the ripe grade of second grade, my students already articulate through various social justice issues, engage in real life math, and make literature come alive. My classroom is a melting pot of cultures, a rarity in Baltimore City. Perseverance through challenges and overcoming obstacles successfully makes our classroom community one full of love and honesty. Building off of their strengths to build their weaknesses, students work in small groups to build their skills. My school is one that is cohesive and hardworking. We come for the love of teaching and continue to stay for the camaraderie among the staff. \n\nCommon core teaches students how to think, but unfortunately it lacks teaching quick math facts and fluency which is expected by the second grade. While students are understanding concepts, they are not receiving the marks they deserve because of silly mistakes in fact fluency. The "Meet the Common Core Math Standards Learning Center" will be used the entire year. Addition and subtraction fact fluency cards is used for continuous practice. Having a number line manipulative gives an anchor for students who need visuals and the kinesthetic learning that many of my students need. Having these materials will give my students the ability to really conquer and master this knowledge to be able to be 100% proficient in math. These four items will be used in daily lesson plans for either my struggling mathematicians or enhance their mathematics discovery through the learning center. The number line and fact fluency cards will give my students the practice they need to master. \n\nMy students are on the trajectory for being world-leaders. Donations to this project will help students with basic skills that are needed in the real world. While they know that the question is asking them to subtract/add, they are making mistakes that may lead them with incorrect change, incorrect marks, whatever it may be. This will help my students become fluent in their mathematical literacy. 
986:::Teaching my students to be eco-friendly, we are trying to cut down on our use of paper.  Having the white boards, markers and erasers would be great.  Using the white boards gives the students the opportunity to have feedback immediately. \n\nMy students are great! They are kids from all corners of the world. This school is an IB school with high poverty and many challenges.\nHaving individual white boards and markers will give the students a tool to use during reviews for tests, for writing down ideas, creating drafts of posters and for many other educational uses. \n\nWhite boards, markers and erasers would be a great addition to our classroom. Each student having a white board to use during class would help reduce our use of paper and would give the students quick access for writing down information. Beside the educational value of white board use, the students love using them to be creative, to draw, to de-stressing and for showing off their designs to their friends. \n\nThe donation of white boards, markers, and erasers would help the students stay focused in class.  Allowing them to have fun writing down information and helping to retain that information. 
987:::In the inner city it is difficult for students to gain the experiences that are necessary for them to expand their learning. Gardening can be a great way for students to develop experiences and critical thinking skills in math, reading, and writing.  \n\nI teach a variety of students from grade kindergarten through grade 5. Our kids have a lot of energy. They come from low-income families with not a lot of resources. Our school has been named a "Beating the Odds" school. This means that our students are doing exceptionally well despite coming from situations in which most kids fail. Our kids know the value of education and don't want to stop at being just "good enough."\n\nMany of the students that will be helping with the garden participated in a much smaller school garden 2 years ago and enjoyed the experience a lot. \n\nThe students will be planting a 50 ft x 50 ft vegetable garden. They will start the plants from seed during the school year. In Summer School, they will use the trowels and wheelbarrow to maintain the garden and harvest the vegetables. Many of the foods will go home with the students to help provide their families with healthy food. The fencing and netting will be used to keep neighborhood animals and casual walkers from ruining the garden. While maintaining the garden, the students will use math skills to plan the garden, reading skills to gain knowledge about growing things, and writing skills to reflect on what they have learned. \n\nI believe that gardening will give the students another experience to expand their knowledge. The vegetables will give them some healthy food at home. I believe that planting a successful garden will help boost the students' confidence in their own abilities to make something worthwhile. 
988:::By taking a French language course, my students hope is to open their minds and connect their community to other places, countries and cultures. Our current unit Les Bandes Dessiness consists of studying the nature of Francophone comics and graphic novels. \n\nMy school is an urban magnet school for liberal arts that uses the International Baccalaureate (IB) curriculum. The students go through rigorous and challenging IB and Advanced Placement classes, in hopes of attending top universities. Despite this, many students think that learning a language is useless and a waste of time. My students ask, "When will I ever use this?" This attitude is why I focus on francophone topics that promote the global community. When we start exposing ourselves to new topics on local, national, and international levels, my students let their curiosity and humor unfold. They start to find the joy and relevance of knowing another language. My students are supportive of each other and they care about creating a classroom environment where they can succeed. \n\nThis project will help bring more technology into the classroom. My students notice that our school and technological resources are not up to 21st century standards. Due to budgeting constraints, teachers are provided little, if any, technology for their classrooms. Teachers do their best to try to work around this by using years-old, school-issued computers and A/V equipment. Some teachers provide their own technology. \n\nMy students need an iPad to create a 21st century classroom experience. My students will use this iPad on a daily basis to tap into creativity and student inter-activity. As 21st century teens, they primarily experience the world through screens, and education must adapt to elevate their use of technology for learning rather than socializing or entertainment. \n\nWe will use video technology to explore as a class, other Francophone cultures and apps to play language/grammar games and showcase our fluency skills on a virtual level. As they find the joy and relevance of knowing another language, my students will learn to integrate this technology into their lives when away from the classroom. 
989:::Some of my students have not yet discovered books that capture their imaginations. This could be the year that magic happens and they fall in love with books. \n\nI teach in a public school in the city of New Orleans, and many of my students have unjustly been deprived of an education thus far in their young lives. Last year, my 6th graders (then 5th graders) went through 5 different ELA teachers through the course of the school year, most of whom were long term substitutes due to various behavioral and administrative issues. As a result, many are behind their 6th grade peers at other schools. However, they still have a thirst for knowledge and learning, and TONS of personality! \n\nTo foster their love of reading, and abilities to engage closely and deeply with a text, we will be doing a novel study of The Watsons Go to Birmingham. We will be engaging in many activities to make the novel come alive in the classroom! My students have enjoyed learning and having conversations around the civil rights movement (as well as its implications for their lives in the present day), and so I know they'd simply love to connect with a text so accessible and relevant to them.  \n\nDue to lack of funding in my school, my students have not experienced the joy of reading a novel from start to finish this year. A brand new copy of "The Watsons Go to Birmingham" would simply warm their hearts and show them that there are people who truly do value their education, and enable them to grow and thrive as readers! 
990:::My Students: We are a Title 1, low-performing school with a majority of English-language learners. Our students are currently under-performing in language arts and in becoming fluent in English. \n\nWe are a classroom with 28 wonderful fifth grade students. My students are excited, energetic, and enthusiastic. My students love school, especially when it involves creativity, teamwork, technology, and hands-on learning. They enjoy reading and are making great strides in improving their reading skills. The students also enjoy writing particularly when they have a chance to use their imaginations and think creatively. They especially enjoy sharing their work with the rest of the class. \n\nOur classroom printer has become an essential learning tool.  With it, we are able to print student book reports, essays, science reports, and other papers and projects required to meet 5th grade standards.  My students are more enthusiastic about writing when they have the ability to print their work and have it preserved by laminating.  Having the ability to print in color has only increased their zeal for writing and creating.  Having work printed and showcased throughout our classroom has encouraged interest in creating more published work, has fostered self-esteem and creativity.  Please help us keep the presses going by donating toward printer cartridges, colored pencils and laminating pouches. \n\nMy students do more and more printing as the years go by, as they become more adept with computer usage.  Therefore, we go through a lot of toner in a year.  In addition, a lot of coloring is required for various projects.  Therefore, I am hoping that you can make a small donation to help us achieve our goal. 
991:::Help my students be digital learners! Today students love learning using technology. \n\nMy students attend a public Pre-K-2 school. Many of my students are struggling readers, learners with special needs or learning English as a second language. Although learning may be challenging for them, they are eager to learn. They learn best using multi-sensory learning tools. iPads are terrific tools that provide this kind of hands on learning. Additionally, we work in a very small converted supply room with no spare space. The iPad is the perfect size for the room. \n\nUsing an iPad, students get to do so many interactive learning activities. They can listen to books and then record themselves reading a book! They can play phonics and math games. They can even write their own story using an iPad. Learning on the iPad is highly motivating for struggling readers. Students who have difficulty with letter and number formation and recognition have fun opportunities to practice these necessary skills. Learning goals that at first seem difficult, will seem much less intimidating on the iPad. \n\nMy students often struggle with learning. It is my goal to provide them with new learning tools that can help them learn and enjoy learning. Through the iPad there are countless learning tools that can make learning come to life for my students. 
992:::First grade students need as much exposure to reading and stories as we can provide them. This is especially true for those who are English Language Learners (ELLs).  Most of my students come into my classroom not having had a book read to them in English by their parents. \n\nEvery year in first grade, it is my pleasure to move students from alphabet knowledge to reading grade-level materials fluently.  It is especially true in my ELL classroom because, as much as they may like to, my students' parents just don't have the means to keep up with learning English as fast as their children do.  Because of this, they are unable to help their children by reading a book in English to them every night as I was able to do with my own son.  So there is a huge reliance by ELL teachers to have someone or something else that reads to them.  \n\nI have over 160 books on CD that have been good for my students for the last couple of years.  But the logistics of maintaining the books and keeping the Cd's together with them as well as keeping CD players and headphones from getting broken has become a huge time drain.  It would be easier to manage and track all of their progress using available technology. \n\nI am requesting 1 subscription to Speakaboo Digital Interactive Picture Books to have great stories read to them. I already have about 20 operable netbooks and access to 30 iPads on a moving cart.  My students will be able to spend time during reading centers listening to reading and gradually improving their own reading skills with Speakaboo. Students will also be able to access the reading materials in after school classes.\n\nThe bottom line is that my students will learn to become better readers.  Additionally, I will be able to share this with many students.  This project is great because it offers matching funding!  Every dollar you donate will be matched.  Even if you give $10, it will get us that much closer to completion of the project!  Thanks for your consideration! 
993:::My classroom is as interactive as possible. I stay up late at night to create hand-made games for my students to play with do to the limitation of technology from the poverty level. We are always doing hands-on activities to make the most out of lessons taught to make learning come easier to them. \n\nI teach 25 wonderful Hispanic students. Behavior is never a problem in my classroom. All the parents want is a better life for their children so that they do not have to work hard labor for little money. They want their children to go to college and I do too! These kids have so much potential and I want to reassure them that it is possible for them. Unfortunately, my school is a transformation school, meaning that students have not met state standards do to the language barrier.  I teach 50% of my day in English and the other 50% in Spanish.  The neighborhood in which this school is located in is very poor and all of my students get free breakfast and lunch. \n\nAll of my students are excited about learning on a daily basis because they want a better life to give to their family when they get older and they push harder than any other students I have seen before. They deserve the best, which is why I am going above and beyond to help them see this.  \n\nTechnology is becoming a bigger part of today's society. Children in this district are very limited to exposure at home with the technology out there which is why I want the learning in this area to happen in the classroom.  This smart board would be used all the time in my classroom by my students.  I will rarely use the board because the learning experience is for my students not for me to constantly show them.  By students physically going up and working together to get through problems for present research presentations, they will learn about new topics while at the same time be up to date on how technology works in this world. This will also help them to become more marketable when they graduate because of the exposure they have had. Since they are English Language Learners, I will be sure to find websites for them to practice this language and gain the confidence they need to speak the language because it is a necessity when finding a job.  \n\nBy donors being willing to donate towards this wonderful gift, my students will have the opportunity to be exposed to technology that will be a major impact in their lives. These children deserve a good life. They do not have a lot at home, which pushes them harder to achieve a better life. By having this smart board in my classroom, my students will begin to see how important they are in this world and how many people care about their education by donating a better life for them.  
994:::My students are anxious to create three dimensional works that represent their three dimensional thinking styles! \n\nMy students are from a very small, very low income town in Arkansas. They are anxious to learn all they can about art and new methods of creating. As we are an elementary/lower middle school classroom, most of our work is created two dimensionally due to the large number of students I teach. Because of this, students come to my desk daily to look at the pottery I've created in my college coursework and stare and touch in wonder.  \n\nAs I mentioned before, my students are used to two dimensional work because of the number of students I have and lack of supplies. However, I am 100% willing to do the work it takes to organize, fire, assist in glazing, refire, and send home the artwork, if I can just get the supplies. My vision is for my students to have a piece of artwork that will stand the test of time. Sure...paper arts can be preserved by parent dedication...but how realistic is it to hope to see and FEEL and USE that piece of artwork daily as the years go by? I want to make pinch pots/coil pots with my students so that they will have a more durable piece of artwork to cherish over the years. \n\nThis will allow my students to create in a format that they've never created in before. They will get to create in three dimensions, which is something that I know they are just craving to do. The art project will fuel memories for a lifetime and hopefully foster a soft spot for the arts or light a fire of passion. I want my students to be able to proudly show off their work at a parent teacher conference. This will also reinforce our image in the community. 
995:::Our classroom belief is that the more we engage in the information, the more the students own the material. We are in a technology savvy generation where students need to be in control of their own learning. Eyes-on, hands-on, and senses-on are what makes our AVID classroom work. \n\nI have 25 eighth grade AVID students who will be entering into the high school in a few short weeks.  Most of these students will be first time college students in their families and many will be first time high school graduates in their families. \n\nMy students have been in AVID for 3 years, so they have become a family. It is truly amazing to see their growth and potential as they mature.  Many didn't believe that college was an option until they joined the AVID program. \n\nVisiting colleges like the University of Florida, gives students the drive and determination they need to further their post-secondary goals. I am so proud of each and every one of them and look forward to great things from them in the future. \n\nMy students need funding to have the opportunity to visit a college campus and a college stadium. By seeing that college is so much more than they envisioned with dorm life and athletics, they are able to set realistic goals at the beginning of their high school careers to make sure that they maintain an appropriate GPA.  \n\nThere is nothing better than to see the glimmer in a student's eye, after visiting a college campus, when the same student told me weeks before that she didn't think she would be able to go to college because she wasn't smart enough and her mom didn't have any money.  Finally, she sees the future and it includes a college degree and a great job. What a vision!
996:::I support a STEM and project based learning environment in the classroom. I enjoy giving students projects that require a development of ideas and hands-on work. I teach science and math exclusively and could benefit from extra funding to make science and math come alive. \n\nTeaching in a Title One school can be very challenging at times. Our students often lack experiences that other students take for granted. Our students often need more support academically and emotionally. What they lack in experience they make up for in enthusiasm and interest. \n\nUsing digital cameras in the classroom is a terrific way for students to document their progress through their work, especially in science. I am a STEM educational leader and our students would have a lot of opportunities to work through projects and designs. The use of digital images is a powerful way to show their progress through the stages of their design. It will also provide needy students with an opportunity to communicate using 21st Century skills. This year we are taking our Science Fair and upgrading to a true STEM Fair. All of our students will be creating digital presentations of their projects. The digital cameras would be a great step to help them tell their stories. \n\nThe students would be so excited to be given an opportunity to manage their own camera and documentation while working in collaborative groups. The use of digital images are also a valuable tool that would engage students and help them better communicate with classmates. The images would also be valuable to communicate to others in the school, as well as parents, the great things that are happening in our school. 
997:::The age of the tablet is here, but what do you do with not one tablet in a classroom of twenty students. The answer is nothing, but with your help new doors will be opened! \n\nI teach twenty fifth grade students at a public school in Massachusetts.  These students have varied socio-economic and cultural backgrounds.  Even with all the differences in my classroom, my students are eager to learn all about all subjects and use the latest technology.   However, I cannot tell you how many times I have wished that I could put the best technology in front of my students to bring learning into the 21st century. My students deserve the best and with the world getting more and more connected through technology, a new Nook HDs will provide them with a strong connection. \n\nImagine walking into a classroom of fifth grade students excited and hooked on learning.  This would be exactly what you would see if the new Nook HD tablets were being used in my classroom. Small reading groups would become exciting as you use the Nook, students that struggle with math could be using the Nook with a math application for support, and students could instantly give answers to questions during discussion using the Internet connections.  Oh, students will be lining up at my door to learn every morning and wanting to stay even when the afternoon bell rings! \n\nMy school is very tight for money as many schools at this time are. However, with only a few computers in the classroom, there are struggles to get the necessary materials for my students for various projects. These tablets will open new educational doors for my students. Please consider donating to this project because this tablet will help not only my students this year, but students in years to come. 
998:::Gone are the days of paper and pencil learning. We are now in a world of technology. My students come from low income families where technology is limited, this should not have to be the case in the classroom. \n\nMy students are a diverse group of special education students in 3rd, 4th, and 5th grade. Each student has an individualized learning style that can not be taught in a regular classroom. They require a more hands on approach, and more labor intensive methods. These students come from financially challenged households where technology is not part of their everyday life. \n\nHaving an laptop in the classroom will help fulfill an educational need for each student. I will be able to download various intervention programs that will help my students achieve better reading, math, and comprehension skills that will benefit them inside and outside of the classroom. \n\nWhile technology has grown into an integral part of learning, it will not benefit students that do not have access to technology. You will be providing my students with one more step towards educational success. 
999:::What do you remember most about elementary school? When I think back to my elementary days, I remember the projects, the hands-on activities, and the days that were fun. \n\nAt our elementary school, we have the best students. Our elementary school includes 280 well-mannered students in grades pre-k through 5th grade. Our school has a Hispanic population of 33% and a low income percentage of 66%. My students are eager to understand the new math curriculum in place by the Common Core standards.  They love to get their hands dirty and learn best when they can manipulate something to "see" why we have to take certain steps to solve math problems. \n\nMy students are currently learning the new Common Core math curriculum. With the new standards come many new skills that the students must master.  \n\nMy students need a Fractions & Decimals Common Core Teaching Kit to have hands-on math manipulatives. The students will use the math manipulatives to help them better understand new skills. The students will be able to complete group work and hands-on centers to reinforce the skills they must master. The students will use the manipulatives to have fun while learning the important skills they need to advance to the next level. \n\nWith these manipulatives, the students will retain new information better, relate their learning to real life, and have fun learning. The students will also develop and use their critical thinking skills. These math manipulatives will help my students master the new Common Core math standards. 
